 Hey there, beautiful AI automator and welcome to level two in the Hermes master
class.
 In this video, I'm going to show you exactly how to install and deploy Hermes
 agent in the most unbelievably simple and safe way possible.
 I'm going to show exactly what I'm doing with my Hermes agent, what I think is
 the
 best way as well as every alternative.
 So, you know, exactly where you stand and you have full optionality to make a
 good
 decision for yourself.
 Now, let's kick off with how can we actually run Hermes agent?
 Because there's essentially three ways to do it.
 Think about it like this.
 Three different houses it could live in for one tenant.
 So we have an option A, which is on your machine.
 This could be your laptop or if you're so inclined, you may go ahead and buy a
 Mac
 Mini and Mac Mini, for example, would look at something like this.
 I actually went into Apple and I bought a piece of hardware.
 It looks kind of similar to this, a little bit different.
 It's not quite this size, but I probably spent, I don't know, four or five
 thousand
 dollars on it, you don't need to spend that much money on it.
 And in fact, what you could do if you wanted to is run it on an old laptop.
 You could run it on an old Windows laptop.
 They're not too crazy in terms of pricing.
 So if I say the cost in USD, just to give you an idea of what that looks like.
 Come into AI mode and I can show you what is a Mac Mini.
 People like Mac Mini's because they're dependable, they're reliable.
 You can get one for like 800 bucks, but realistically, you could run it on any
 device that you want to any old laptop.
 I went big because I'm investing in my own AI lab.
 I think it's the future and also it's fun, super exciting.
 So I run mine on my own metal and it runs 24/7.
 And I love the fact that it lives on my Mac and I can just see it and touch it.
 And I explained why this is such a good idea to second and why you want to go
 to
 this one versus other different options at the moment.
 Now, why is running on your machine so good?
 Well, here's the thing.
 One of the biggest benefits of Hermes agent is the fact that it can do stuff
 with your files if you need it to.
 The fact that it has got access to everything else because I have
 clone this computer, I can actually ask Hermes directly, hey, what did I talk
 about yesterday on an access to all those files?
 And so it can do things for me.
 It can find out files I have my desktop and I know where it's running.
 It is just something about having physical AI, local AI running locally
 that is just really, really cool.
 And there was a lot of fear mongering, quite frankly, last year
 on open cloud and a lot of people were saying, I will never let this run wild
 on my laptop.
 But what you have to think about is you already are.
 You're already doing that.
 You're already, if you're using cloud on your own computer, you're already
 letting AI onto your computer.
 It just gives it more optionality.
 And in many respects, doing it on a VPS, if you don't know what you're doing,
 is way more risky anyway.
 Now, it's not an option for everybody to run up locally.
 And maybe you don't want to do that for a few different reasons.
 So I'm going to show you all the different routes and different ideas you can
 do.
 So option A is running on your computer.
 This is what I like to do.
 And I would recommend my best friend.
 I got hired for coming to do this.
 I would say let's run a local.
 Now, option number two is darker.
 Now, you think, Jack, what is darker?
 What is this all about?
 Well, darker is a really cool concept of if you think about, let's say your
 house is your computer.
 Now, what I do is I say, Hey, Hermes, run around the house.
 It's fine.
 You can do what you want to do in darker.
 What we do is we have what we call, it's called containerization.
 We give it a container.
 In other words, we kind of carve out a piece of space on your computer and
 Hermes
 lives in this container.
 It cannot leave it.
 It can only live on that.
 So essentially it's running on your own computer, but it can't touch anything
 outside of the container.
 It can't look and pair at the files.
 So if you had like images about your master plan to bring out a competitor for
 Laquara or something, as you can tell them quite on the hype for that right now
.
 And you didn't want to see those images.
 You don't want to access those files.
 We can run it in a container.
 Using software called Docker.
 I'm not sure you hate to do that.
 Then option three is running it in the cloud.
 Weirdly enough, we went from local was the way then cloud was a future.
 Now we're coming back to local again, but you can if you want to run it on a V
PS,
 but just a bit on a transparency point, a lot of content will always tie you
 doing a VPS doing a VPS.
 And honestly, the reason for that is because they're sponsored videos.
 They just are like they get paid to mention it, sign up to XYZ VPS down below.
 And they get a they get even get a kickback or we just get sponsored to do it.
 So and if you think about it, why would a creator?
 Well, I don't recommend it on VPS.
 I get the I get the same emails from these companies.
 I don't personally recommend still in the VPS, but just so you know,
 that a lot of people that do push VPS wonder how many times they do actually
 run it locally themselves.
 So I'm not saying that VPS is not bad, but just make an informed decision.
 You just make sure you're doing it on a VPS because you want to do it on a VPS,
 not just because that's the way that it's been shown.
 OK, so just want to put that out that is like,
 trans-barrowancy people are paid to talk to you on a VPS in reality.
 You know, I got off of that.
 I said, I don't believe that's the right way.
 I believe in local.
 So I'm pushing local.
 That's what I believe.
 That's why I talk about, you know, doing it locally versus VPS.
 I always try to do what I personally do and I'm not I'm not for sale on that
 way.
 So that's really important to bear in mind.
 But one of the reasons why you may want to do VPS is let's say, for example,
 you don't have a second computer, you just don't.
 And it's not convenient for you to do so.
 Or you do want it running in the cloud.
 So it's on 24/7 and I have to worry about it.
 Think about it, touch it, you can do that yourself.
 And you can access maybe better hardware than you could do on your own computer
.
 I think the gold standard genuinely is buying a Mac mini or a good computer
 and running it locally or a laptop.
 And if not, Docker, if you're very security concerned and very kind of maybe
 can be continually minded is an option to do local and then VPS, if not.
 So cool little breakdown here is your machine.
 Fastest to set up like literally you'd be set up in seconds, full access your
 files
 and use only on when you're up to bed.
 It's best for learning it and daily driving where everybody should begin
 and where I live.
 I love it, Docker, clean, repeatable, disposable installs.
 It's isolated from the rest of your system, but it's one more layer you
 can learn about.
 So it's an extra thing that we've got to do.
 It's best for a tidy, reproducible setup on your machine or your server.
 Then we have the VPS.
 And by the way, you may, for example, do Docker.
 If you had like, let's say one machine and you wanted multiple versions of
 different
 enemies agent that your team could use.
 Then we have VPS truly always runs while you sleep from five bucks a month
 from how much it will work, no local files unless you are wired.
 And this is kind of an added complexity.
 Like if you want to bring in the agenda operating system, we have to do some
 wiring and getting to show you all of that inside this masterclass.
 But it's best for always on and schedule agents.
 My honest take, as I say, is to start on your machine.
 It's the fastest path to, oh, my goodness, it freaking works.
 So on your own metal, you can install it with one line.
 What is that one line of code?
 Well, I've got it right here and I basically goes, what I'm going to put
 these files for you down below so you can grab it.
 If not, if you want to, what you can do is head over to the Hermes website,
 which we'll do together.
 Let's go check this out and we can install it together right now.
 Now mine won't install because I kind of already installed it.
 I just copy this.
 The little hack for you is you're going to come down.
 If you're on a Mac, just come down and do command and spacebar, like so.
 So I can find them in applications.
 And what we're looking for is the terminal and the terminal appears.
 Terminal, by the way, just fancy way of, I know when I first started doing this
,
 I have a non-coding background.
 I actually studied law and I did like various things, my startup and business
 and stuff, and I didn't come from accounting background.
 So terminal can be very like, it's a bit weird, right?
 All you do, all this is, is just code and it talks to the computer.
 And when cloud does stuff for you, it's doing it.
 Basically talking to your computer.
 Now, all you're going to do is come down and paste this in.
 That is it, then hit enter.
 Simple as that.
 And that is now literally installing Hermes onto your computer.
 How cool is this?
 Now, I already have mine on there.
 OK, so you're going to see, basically, it's not going to be through some
 various
 different bits and pieces I can do if I want to.
 It's updating it.
 It's grabbing different information, obviously not quite updating it,
 but it's basically downloading it to the computer.
 And once it's done that, we can actually go ahead and begin the process
 of setting up Hermes agent.
 But I'm going to set up a brand new one on Docker for you.
 So we can go to that process together and setting up the keys so you can be
 fully
 ready to rock and rock so I can reconfigure it.
 I can select providers.
 I can do various different things, which is cool.
 That's how you do it.
 You go to the process, then Hermes is running.
 That's basically it.
 That is how frickin simple it is.
 It's what I've been, what about you already to rock and roll once you get that
 sorted out.
 So let's add to go ahead now and set it up on Docker.
 And then we're going to go ahead and do VPS.
 Now, the great news for you is that I have, over here on our level two thing,
 I have a full setup guide for Hermes Docker and I'm going to come over here.
 And as you can see, we have everything that we need.
 So first thing I want to do is go over and actually physically download Docker.
 So not a GitHub.
 Let's go over to Google Docker.
 All right, come down and let's go ahead and download the Docker desktop,
 which is going to be beautiful.
 I think we go ahead and sign in and create an account first.
 Actually, let's just go for download Docker on Mac.
 OK, come down, send this bad boy off and install Docker desktop, which is cool.
 Yeah, Apple Silicon from my side.
 Obviously, just do windows if you're on windows and then I think I'm going to
 want to go ahead
 and we can just go ahead and grab this bad boy and do some magic with it.
 So let's click on this and then we should be able to drag that one over.
 Beautiful, cool.
 And then I think we do command spacebar and then just open up Docker.
 Where is Docker?
 Docker is eluding us.
 OK, so we'll just go through it to applications.
 And in that case, let's come off this guy and find this guy.
 OK, it might be it may be accessible now, but if it comes to applications,
 let's try and find this bad boy.
 OK, come over and grab it.
 There we go, Docker.
 We found him and I'm going to bring him down and let him hang out inside the
 bar at the bottom.
 Cool. So we're going to open this one up.
 That's cool. I enter in my password.
 And then what I recommend that you do is sign in and or create an account.
 So I'm going to click on sign in, continue with GitHub.
 It's the easiest one.
 If you have a GitHub, it's just a place with store files.
 I highly, highly recommend that you grab an account there.
 We're going to come down and log in, which is fantastic.
 And then we're ready to rock and roll.
 Cool. So I verified that I am a real life human being, opens up.
 And what do you believe it?
 I am now fully signed in, which is fantastic.
 So we have these single containers.
 We have these things called images.
 I'll explain exactly what we're doing here.
 And what it looks like.
 But in honesty, guys, the best way to get things set up,
 generally speaking, is actually via cloud.
 So I've got the full instructions right on.
 I've put now the running doc and Hermes, right?
 Basically, you've got to install Docker runtime, make a separate brand.
 Sounds like a lot of stuff going on.
 What we're going to do is literally copy all of this like this,
 control and see.
 And then we're going to open up a brand new cloud conversation.
 And effectively, whilst I can show you step by step,
 I also want to show you the way of how you can actually use
 cloud to understand how to do various things.
 So I'm going to say, hey, that I would like to install.
 I've just downloaded the Docker app.
 I would like to run a separate instance of Hermes agents in Docker.
 So I want you to configure anything that needs to be configured.
 I want you to have a look at the setup guide down below,
 such that I can run Hermes agent in Docker.
 I want you to download Hermes agent onto this Docker.
 And then I want you to open it up so I can go through the entire setup process
 inside Docker and then let me know if there's any other information
 that I need to know in this process.
 All right, going to come down.
 What have been, what about?
 Control V, post everything in, and then cloud
 can shepherd you through the entire process.
 Now, I also recommend that you do this because having an independent guide,
 walking through things and explaining how this works.
 For example, I could say, hey, explain to me how containers work inside Docker,
 like I'm five years old.
 Actually, not like quite five years old, but like I am maybe 10 or 12 years old
 in a way that understands and a way that I can understand,
 talk about images, talk about containers.
 And obviously, I know what these things are, but you can actually
 get cloud to explain these things to you so you understand every single part
 of the entire process.
 Now, cloud in the background is going to install everything for us in Docker.
 It will open up and then we can rock and roll.
 Guys, just like that, it's now actually opened up.
 You see Jack Roberts hyphen Docker.
 So effectively what it does is it runs the exact same commands, but it prefixes
 it.
 In other words, as to the beginning of that command, a Docker, which means that
 I want you to run it, but you're running it in the Docker containment.
 Now, you can see we've got the quick setup, the full setup and the blank slate.
 Beautiful.
 So now we've got it.
 What we're going to do guys is come down and do the full setup like some and it
's
 up and down to go up and down.
 And bear in mind, it's the same setup code.
 We've just prefixed it with Docker, which is great.
 So we're going to do space parts to do the full setup.
 And then the first thing we're going to do is basically decide which model we
 want
 to choose for the setup itself.
 Now, there's two I really want you to get.
 The first one is going to be open router.
 And all you're going to do is come down like so and it's going to ask you
 for your open routes key.
 Now, when you give it your open router API key, you can effectively connect to
 literally every model on the planet.
 So all you're literally going to do is come over to open router, like so,
 forward slash AI, forward slash models and then you're looking to go and grab
 your API key.
 And as you can see, you can access all the models, TPC before flash, minimax M3
,
 cloud opens 4.8 for basically every single model you can imagine.
 You can get including fable five.
 It's incredible.
 So then if you come onto your profile over here in the bottom left and then you
 come over to API keys, you can let you come over.
 You can create a new API key, call it something like Hermes agent credit limit.
 Just put how many, how much credit you're happy spending on a monthly basis,
 call it a hundred dollars.
 You won't really use that unless you get bonkers and you can reset that monthly
.
 Now, expiration, go ahead and create and then you've got an API key.
 You can actually copy this, come straight back over to Hermes agent, like so.
 And then come down and enter.
 And then that is going to be configured to that now.
 So you're all ready to rock and roll basically.
 So you're setting a set to go.
 Now, this stage, you want to set what the model is that you want to go ahead
 and pick, which is cool.
 I would recommend in this case, let's go for and throw up.
 Opus 4.8.
 You can see the son of son of models.
 You can video to have a look at all the different ones you want to go with.
 Let's say I want to go deep seek V4 pro, which is very powerful and very, very
 cheap.
 As you can see, so come click on space bar on that.
 Then you've got the different terminal back end.
 So we want to come down here and do darker, which is fantastic.
 Then you can basically set your messaging platform, decide what you want to
 connect
 to, you could do telegram, whatever you want to, you name them.
 Now to telegram, it's that for it for just click on space bar here for a second
,
 which is great, then hit enter, which is awesome.
 And then the next thing it's going to go ahead and do here is going to either
 ask
 you to scan your code and confirm and telegram, which is great, or create
 ourselves.
 So with this, go ahead and do one, which is going to be to scan a QR code
 and confirm and telegram that we're done.
 So press one, hit enter.
 And then we have this beautiful basically QR code.
 So we're going to go ahead and copy this.
 Now, once you've done that, guys, what it will basically ask you to do is
 confirm if this is the only account you want to connect to, make sure that is
 the
 case and it's the only user ID.
 And what that essentially means is that no other user ID can message your own
 specific Hermes agent.
 Then you've got all these different tools for CLI.
 That's all fine.
 The way that it is, just come down and click on space bar once you've done
 that sort of stuff and click on enter when you basically selected all the ones
 that you're comfortable with and all the stuff you want to add.
 Again, it's completely based on your own specific requirements.
 And what's really cool this guys, I've included it down below for you as well.
 Excuse me, is that you can actually set a alias in your terminal, which means
 that instead of running this every single time, you just use the word Herk and
 Herk
 basically just shortcuts a lot of stuff.
 So it's basically whatever the key Hermes command is, but basically you just
 enter this in and then you're ready to rock and roll.
 So for example, if we copy and paste this, throw this one in.
 And for instance, we should then actually get that rocking and rolling.
 So we can actually test this now by just coming down and doing Herk space
 version.
 And if that's correct, it should tell us what version of Hermes
 agent is running on our Docker and by looks things that has worked beautifully.
 Perfect.
 And what we can do now as well guys is we can go ahead and why don't go ahead
 and just run Hermes agent inside the terminal.
 So let's come over here and let's go ahead and just do Herk.
 All right, come.
 Let's open up the terminal like so and then just enter this one in.
 And that effectively is just Hermes.
 So this will begin the whole chat conversation with Hermes agent.
 As you can see, we've got a deep-seek V4 Pro, which is Epic.
 And then I can begin the conversation.
 I can say, hey, and then we should get some information back from Hermes.
 In a second, freezing is having to think you can see we've got the UI here,
 pipping and popping.
 And then we'll get that back.
 Hey, what's up, ready to jump into something.
 So you have officially set up Hermes agent inside of the terminal.
 Now, if you want to chat to it in Telegram, that should then be live in there
 for you as well.
 But if this new updated version didn't work, I'll put a link down below for the
 previous
 tutorial, which also covers how to set up the traditional way with creating a
 new
 box so you can rock and rock.
 Now, this does very nice things on to just very briefly when we're talking
 about
 darker, how this whole thing actually works.
 So let's take a look at darker.
 If that's what we'd love to do, it's optional, as I say, not required.
 It's an additional step.
 But it's a if you want something best way to think about it is as a shipping
 container.
 You pack it once and it runs the exact same way on every ship, any port, any
 machine.
 It isn't just limited to one individual instance like that.
 Now, you have something called the image, which is like the cookie cutter.
 And then you have what's called containers inside of Docker.
 And I'll put this down below so you can take it if you want to.
 But the idea is that we have what's called images inside Docker, right?
 So I open up Docker, you'll see on the left hand side, we have these images.
 These are things that would run it.
 Now, images themselves are frozen templates of an app and it's everything that
 it needs to run.
 It's read only and this never changes.
 Then you have the container, which is a live running copy of that image.
 It's isolated and disposable, which is fantastic.
 And obviously, you can see a few other technical aspects of registry
 volume port mapping and Docker composing.
 Again, just a little bit more technical detail if you do want to run it in
 Docker,
 but that option is available there for you, if you would like.
 Now, to set up Hermes on the VPS, I'm going to go ahead and use hosting it.
 They're not sponsoring us or anything like that.
 It's just an easy way to get it up and running.
 So you're going to basically hpanelhostinger.com/homes/homes/get-started.
 I'll put a link in the panel in the actual classroom, if you'd like, so you can
 use that.
 Again, my recommendation is that you go local.
 But if you did want to do it, let me show how it works.
 Come down and click on and get started.
 I'm going to go for a managed Hermes agent managed forest.
 That's fine, $5.99 a month.
 Again, you've got a kind of like a cost associated to it because it's there.
 We're going to go for one month on the purpose of this.
 We don't want your Nexus AI credits.
 Thank you very much.
 Come down.
 I've got my PayPal address there.
 Come down.
 Let me just go ahead and complete the payment for you so I can show how it
 works.
 Cool.
 And then you've got a simple basic setup where you can add in your API key, for
 example,
 for the different models, which is cool.
 So open AI, I'm Thoropic and Gemini.
 I'm going to go ahead and skip this just for the purpose of demonstration.
 Then it's setting up the Hermes agent, which should take a couple of seconds.
 And then when that's done, we should be able to rock and roll.
 And what is called about this setup to be fair is it let you have a bot token.
 So you can actually basically create it.
 Now, you literally follow this process, go to the bot father, starting to chat
 forward slash on your bar, et cetera, et cetera.
 We're going to skip this one for the moment and then we're all set.
 So if you come down here, we can open up the whole conversation.
 So let's do that, open it up.
 And then we actually have an interface here on our hosting site.
 They've been come down to and say, Hey, and begin a conversation.
 This won't work though, because we do not have a model attached to it.
 But now this is 100% running on a VPS that's hosted remotely by hosting it.
 Then if you come to hpanel.hosting.com, you can see we actually now have this
 here,
 which is what's running right now.
 You can see how it's running and everything's going on with it, which is pretty
 cool.
 Your CPU usage, your memory usage, your disk usage, et cetera, et cetera.
 Now, bear in mind, this individual specific thing they've got here, guys, is
 like a UI
 that hosting it has built.
 It's basically just designed to run it online very, very easily.
 You don't have to use this.
 If you want to, you can literally just come down, get a completely new system
 and run it on a terminal.
 And then it would just be the UI.
 This is like the very easy way of getting it set up to run it there.
 And then you just chat to it directly there.
 You're basically your, your telegram.
 I recommend that you go down the more manual route if you are going to do VPS.
 But if you just want to get up and running and set up, you can do it this way,
 too.
 So now we've covered set up.
 Let's go ahead and talk about how we're actually going to get this running
 and what we need to do here.
 So effectively, one of the really cool things that we can do with our Hermes
 agent
 now is to go ahead, schedule it and also trigger things to happen, which is
 awesome.
 And what I mean by that is we can drop commands to Hermes agent and say, Hey,
 go ahead and do this thing for me at this time.
 And so one of the things that I highly recommend that you do with your Hermes
 agent,
 OK, is to come over and give it a prompt like this, which is what we call the
 morning
 brief. Hey, that I would like to go ahead for me every single morning.
 For me, a morning brief.
 I would like you to include in that an overview of what the weather is going to
 be
 that day and any suggestions about things that I could do to improve based on
 our
 previous conversations that's happened so far that week.
 Then what we can do is and I'm going to show you these different skills as we
 get
 deeper into the video in the masterclass.
 One of the things that we can actually do is have it check all of our emails
 and check
 our calendars and give us a unique breakdown of everything that's happening
 that
 there. But just to show you how this works, practically, I could say, Hey,
 could you just remind me in two minutes that I need to go ahead and walk next
 to
 my springer's manual? OK, go down there.
 And what basically this will do is bring it a spaniel.
 People don't know what the springer's spaniel is, but it's super important.
 It will actually make an record of the fact that we've asked it to do that and
 it
 will come back and remind us.
 It's a very, very cool thing, the way that Hermes works like that.
 It can set these reminders and it's quite a schedule.
 So in two minutes time, we are going to get a message now from Hermes reminding
 us
 of that fact. Now, before we go into connections that are going to completely
 open up your world in the next level of this masterclass, I want you to do one
 of the most important things to a Hermes agent and that's given a lifeline to
 create
 a digital replica of it.
 Now, the way we're going to do that is with GitHub.
 If you open up the agentic operating system, that'll be available in the cloud
 master class just above this one in the current configuration.
 Effectively, what this is going to able to do, I'm going to scroll down and
 grab it.
 OK, let me show you where this particular piece of code is.
 OK, it's right here on the left and side.
 Connect to GitHub. Now, effectively, GitHub, if you are not familiar, as I said
 before,
 is basically an online repo full of loads of information and bits and bobs.
 Effectively, all code just kind of lives in GitHub.
 So here's one I made called power design, which is really cool.
 All the code for that lives are or you might have skills for your agents.
 And what we want to do is quite a private repo inside Hermes.
 And effectively, what we want to do is to create a copy of itself on that every
 day.
 So 100% private, you're the only person that can access it.
 But what it means is if you make a change to Hermes.
 And for some reason, it stops working or it breaks or anything like that, right
?
 We can always revert it.
 We can send it back.
 We can change it because, as you can see here, we are backing up.
 We bought it as a spare key for Hermes and we've version controlled it.
 So you say, I like the Hermes I spoke to six weeks ago.
 We can bring it back to life because every day is a completely new blueprint,
 which is cool.
 So effectively, what happens is every day at a certain time, it just basically
 recommits itself.
 So all you're going to do is copy that prompt.
 And if you haven't seen the code master class, I highly recommend that you
 water all the way through, including the agenda get a worse.
 I'm going to go deep on it on here, too.
 But it will give you a good foundational overview of how all this stuff works.
 So what we're going to do is grab Hermes.
 And then essentially, once in Hermes agent, just come over and drop this prompt
 into it.
 And effectively, this will then go ahead and ask you to sign into GitHub, which
 we'll do via your CLI.
 So I'm going to say, hey, that can I just confirm, are you connected to my
 GitHub?
 And could we just refresh that connection for demonstration purposes, please?
 Then just quickly confirm for me, do you make a backup copy of yourself every
 single day?
 And then go ahead and just send that one off and let him his work is magic.
 So as you can see, home is come back and just confirm how that works,
 where the Hermes install lives, how it works.
 It checks to get repo for any main ship changes.
 Paul's latest date from main resource sync dependencies if needed.
 So this is really how it kind of actually physically updates to the latest one.
 So your personal home is backup mirror, though, as you can see, it's a daily
 schedule, it runs every single day.
 And you can connect Hermes to your getter by just saying, hey, I want you to
 update my get to repo.
 And those instructions will give Hermes a step by step roadmap to open up and
 sync,
 meaning that your Hermes agent will be updated and basically a photocopy of
 that
 will be live every single day, which is super, super powerful to do at a highly
,
 highly recommended. Now, what we're going to do in the next module next chapter
 is
 actually connected to our entire world.
 So we can take all this beautiful firepower we've got in the Hermes agent and
 take it
 to a complete new level.
 And so in the next masterclass section, we're going to be covering how you can
 connect your entire world in Hermes agent.
 I'm going to show you the reading decision tree.
 We're going to go through an open room to masterclass so you understand exactly
 what
 you need to do to elevate them.
 I'm going to show you how you can get your own models running and your own
 personal AI lab so you can use local models with Hermes agent.
 I'm going to show you a few of the things that are going to blow your mind in
 terms
 of performance as well as connecting your entire world and some pretty
 incredible
 use cases, get that coffee and lockdown and I'll catch you inside the next
 training.
