 Howdy, beautiful AI automator, and welcome to chapter six.
 I hope you've got your beautiful water,
 and most importantly, that coffee lockdown.
 Now, today we're talking about the agentic operating system.
 Now, I've spent so many hours building this agentic operating system.
 I actually spent over seven hours alone on the onboarding
 to make it as easy as possible for you.
 But I have to start with why this is so important in the first place.
 Now, the best way to think about this is that you need
 an agentic OS.
 You need a location that is model agnostic,
 that can bring your entire world, your entire AI world,
 your entire systems, for all the different apps using into one location.
 You're not dependent on Hermes, you're not dependent on open claw,
 or claw or anti-gravity.
 It enables to reach into everything that's happening in your life,
 and give you one clear, crisp dashboard that you can build
 and add your own insights and features and developments to it as you want to.
 So if I want to add in, which is on the road map, a design operating system,
 it's probably the next thing that I'm going to be building onto this for you,
 you can do that.
 And so everything you need is in one location, and it connects to Hermes agent,
 and it connects the claw.
 It's so important that we have this, and it just unlocks capabilities
 that we cannot really get anywhere else,
 because it connects everything together.
 So the first thing I'm going to do is come over to the classroom,
 head over to chapter two, and I want you to come down here to the Cloud section
,
 and then you're going to have the Cloud Code and Hermes operating system.
 So this is always going to have the latest, greatest OSAT.
 You just click on this, and then you're going to head and download it.
 Then once you've downloaded it, you're going to head over to Cloud Code.
 You're going to upload that and just say, hey, I want you to open this up for
 me
 in a local host.
 And effectively, this will pop up like this, and then we can begin the onboard
ing.
 Now, I always do changes to this.
 So when I make a change to it, again, all you're going to do is come down,
 download it, add that new files to Cloud, and just say, hey,
 could you check for any new updates, explain what those updates are,
 and then you can just basically say, hey, add that code to my environment,
 so I can go ahead and use it.
 Now, the first thing you want to do on the bottom left,
 you're going to see operator, and you're going to see settings.
 You're going to click on settings, and then you've got some overall settings
 here
 that you can play around with, which is really cool.
 And you're going to come on, basically, run this setup wizard,
 okay, and then click on this button.
 And this is how we're going to set up our Cloud Operating System.
 First thing we do is start the setup, you give it a name.
 I'm just going to say, hey, my name is Jack Roberts,
 and then we're going to upload a photo right here.
 So I've got my photo, looks good, should be saying, looks great,
 actually, we need to change that so it's more accurate.
 Which is that we'll click on next.
 Now, what this will do is automatically identify any of the systems
 that we've got on our system, so it'll look for different CLIs that exist.
 It's picked up on open A codecs, home is agent, anthropic API, anti-gravity.
 So yet, we're going to enable that one as well, which is cool.
 I just picked up everything that I've got on the computer, which is awesome.
 And it means it can automatically root everything.
 Then we click on next, which is awesome.
 And here, if we want to, we can bring in pine cones.
 If you've got a pine cone system, for example, with lots of different
 information
 knowledge, we can bring that in and connect that to your operating system.
 Obsidian, it's already picked up on all these different obsidian files,
 I've been saving, which is fantastic.
 And I have something that's going to blow your mind on that as well.
 And then we've got notion, so if we want to connect notion, we can connect that
 as well.
 Now, this operating system is one way of doing it.
 But the cool thing is that you can actually code and build this with anything
 you want to.
 So, for example, you speak to Claude, and actually, I want to grab a line from
 this.
 You can add it in.
 You're not limited to what's here.
 You can build it, and it becomes this Lego block, almost applause,
 and it's Lego block enterprise of cool things that you want to add.
 So, think of this as like a Lego block set, and then you're going to wire it
 yourself.
 You're going to add things, maybe you want to change things,
 I don't know why you want to change this beautiful design,
 but you could if you really wanted to, and you can add all of that in.
 Next thing we do, then, is we can track our usage live.
 So, if I want to say, I want to know how much I'm paying on, open up to add an
 API key.
 Add your API keys in.
 Essentially here, and it can track those things locally for you, which is
 awesome.
 Obviously, that's completely optional, but I personally like to see what I'm
 doing there.
 This one's really cool is you basically decide what is your time actually worth
.
 So, if $1,500 an hour, we can calculate things.
 This is especially helpful, even if you're selling it, or you're installing it,
 or you just want to know how much time is a skill saving me.
 So, if I had like a YouTube transcript, if you look at my YouTube channel,
 for example, right, we have descriptions and timestamps.
 So, no one needs to do that.
 That's actually now being automated.
 So, if that used to be like an hour a week, I'm saving $x a week.
 It's doing the same.
 So, it's really cool that we can actually calculate the sign of dollar figures
 for anything that we're doing.
 Then we have where should, when should we dream?
 So, effectively, what it looks like is all the things with conversational
 analysis,
 everything that you've talked about, it is cost intelligence.
 It does skill performance, memory health, session hygiene,
 external opportunities, workflow patterns, and business outcomes.
 I personally like to get mine done in the morning.
 You can do evening, or am if you want to, allow websites during dream.
 I highly recommend that, and generate fresh cosmos image.
 Yes, we do, and obviously, you can just add your API in that, if you want to.
 I do that because imagery, I think, is beautiful and important.
 Then we click on next, which is cool, and at which engine runs your dream.
 So, you can do codecs, you can do Hermes.
 This is just really, who's running it.
 So, it doesn't really make a difference, but I think it's very helpful for it
 to be there.
 So, let's go ahead and do Hermes, which is fantastic.
 Click on next, and then we activate, and then it opens up the dashboard,
 and you're fully ready to rock and roll, which is really cool.
 Now, on the homepage, we've got our monthly AI spend.
 We've got how much money we've saved with our skills.
 And last month, our activity.
 You can come down and see plans and women's limits.
 Windows, based on all the models we're using, this is the dream functionality
 that we get.
 They're kind of like, we'll give us those things, and we can skip,
 apply, mark, and done, and cycle through them.
 We've got all the sources, so where it's grabbing all the information from.
 This mission control here, let's just set goals, like a midterm goal.
 So, for example, if I said to Hermes, hey, I really want to get 1,000
 subscribers on YouTube,
 it's just cool.
 Well, there's some stuff that I do, and there's some stuff that you do,
 and it'll quote five or six, seven, eight different tasks.
 One will be Hermes, create an outline, then it says, "Jack, you're going to
 record,
 "and when you record your five videos, let me know."
 And it kind of goes through like that, which is cool.
 We can see our skills, we can see an overview of our memory.
 We have a project knowledge graph, which is fantastic.
 And then we've got all the different schools that are connected into this.
 And at the bottom, you have this AI leaderboard, which is awesome
 about where are the models at, how are they performing, I can click and have a
 look at this.
 I've also got the Playbooks, which is like, if I want a cheap map with a
 frontier reduction,
 so cheap parallel models, processing portions, blah, blah, I can look at this,
 copy to JSON, and rock 'em wrong.
 Now, if I come over to critical gun stand, knowledge graphs, okay?
 What's going on here?
 There's a tool called Graphify, and Graphify effectively is a tool
 that saves you a lot of money.
 So the idea is, if you think of a system, like this is him as agent,
 and it's so big, it's even tough to load this on my big computer,
 because there's that many nodes on it, you can see this actually,
 you're looking right here, it's him as agent.
 That's actually what you're physically looking at.
 How crazy is that?
 This is essentially what it is, you can see.
 This is everything that makes up him as agent,
 and how it's all clustered together.
 It's fascinating, actually, when you really look at him.
 I'm gonna pause it there for a second, but you can get the idea of this.
 Effectively, what this lets us do is ask questions about it.
 It's like that movie Up, you know, with all the balloons and stuff,
 it's really fascinating.
 But Graphify essentially maps the relationships between the code base.
 So this, for example, is power design.
 Do you know the designer I've talked about before?
 He talks about what are the different dimensions of design,
 and you can see how they're all connected together.
 So you have these little clusters, and you can see how they're all connected
 together.
 Now what you can do here, really cool, if you want to have a chat with us,
 you can add a project, make a project, and all you do is drop in a GitHub repo.
 For example, if I go to GitHub, for example,
 and let's go ahead at a really simple month, like, okay, gorgeous websites,
 just a final right there, let's go down and have a look at power design,
 if you wanted to.
 You'd come down, copy this code, copy this, come over to the OS, which is here.
 You drop that in, graphic, done, and what's really cool here,
 it will tell you on the right hand side how much money you're saving by using
 this,
 because, again, it creates a relationship between all of the,
 if you think about it, the sort of information, the code base.
 So Cloud doesn't, or Hermes doesn't have to go through everything individually,
 it can just ask questions.
 So then what you can do in your dashboard with Hermes is just say,
 what does this project do, BAM, and it will automatically be populated,
 and you click on Sand.
 And now Hermes is thinking, and it'll give us an answer on that.
 So in your dashboard, you can just chat to code bases if you want to.
 It's really frickin sick.
 All you do, you should grab the name of it, throw it there,
 and then you can have these conversations with it,
 and you can do the exact same thing in your Hermes agent,
 and it'll come back and give us a beautiful answer, which is fantastic.
 And the graphify is gonna save you a ton of tokens doing that.
 But what Hermes is doing here, instead of reading through the entire project,
 is looking and leveraging the graphify skill.
 That is kind of pre-fixed to the question that we've asked it here,
 which makes it super duper easy.
 Then Hermes has come back, and so, hey, power design is a code skill,
 but generates a brand native HTML slide there.
 It's blah, blah, which is awesome.
 So let's go down and check out Hermes agent now on the left hand side,
 and see what we've got here.
 So we've got here all the connections that we have in Hermes.
 This is everything I've got connected to Hermes.
 This is everything I have connected globally.
 We have the agent version here, which is really handy.
 And then we've got the active model.
 So as you change the model, that will literally update,
 really helpful, your memory, and how many times you'd use this model all the
 time.
 Now, this is really cool.
 So I've got Grog 4.5.
 I can actually come down and see the context window.
 If you've got 1 million context windows,
 I can again ask any questions I want to with this, right?
 So I can come down and say something like,
 hey there, which model is this?
 All right, come down, and I'm now talking to Grog on my computer,
 which is really freaking cool.
 And it'll come back and I'll tell us, hey, Jack, this is Grog,
 and I'm having a great time.
 Cool. So you can do loads of cool things.
 You can add photo images, whatever you want to do as you go through,
 which is cool. You've got some stats.
 Again, this is the same goal feature as in Claude.
 You can use both of them.
 Now, in the pantheon here itself, we can add different things.
 So these are skills.
 So the idea with this, for example, is if I wanted a deep research,
 all I do is I come down to add a persona, all right?
 And I can say, let's bring an Athena here, OK?
 I give it a title, so I can say it'll read my PRs, a description,
 so if you lines by what the persona does, and then the system prompts.
 And then you pick the model that you want to use,
 and then you're ready to rock and roll, which is really handy, OK?
 Now, you can do these all these.
 I've got the Oracle or for your scribe.
 I just like having a visual overview of my agents
 and what they're doing inside the pantheon.
 We have the Ministry of Experts, which is what I showed you
 in the previous master class, where, as you can see,
 I can see the performance of these, so I go through.
 And I can basically decide what my ministry looks like.
 And so do I want Opus 4.8 on my leadership role?
 No, maybe I want to bring in Kimmy K3.
 Maybe I want to bring in the champion.
 Maybe I want to bring in Cloud Fable 5.
 Whatever it is, I can drop in, and I'm ready to rock and roll.
 And then I can just save this to my computer.
 And then I'm good to go.
 You can also do max tokens per call.
 You might be saying, once, make it 16,000.
 Two reasons.
 One, it's cost.
 But second is that you don't always need it.
 Like, oftentimes, if you're just like asking for a simple question,
 just to kind of throw it.
 It's like me saying, you know, ask a politician a question.
 It's like the answer in paragraphs.
 It's just like, yes or no, is this the right answer?
 Do you know what I mean?
 You don't necessarily need to do it.
 So it's fine to have that defaulting down a little bit.
 Then we scroll down.
 We have a couple of things, which is really cool.
 So here we look at how to connect to GitHub.
 This affects when you copy and paste in Hermes.
 Creates a private GitHub repo and creates that identical copy every day.
 Then on the right hand side, we've got pushing personas to GitHub.
 So this, once you've created all the personas here
 that you like and you're happy with, you're going to copy this
 and just paste that into Hermes and you're ready to rock and roll.
 Here we can play around. I use a profile.
 As you can see, star cache will elect to a bro, which is cool,
 which is fantastic.
 And even your solar, solar India, you can mess around with them.
 We can connect this to Obsidian, like I showed you in the previous one.
 And then Crucially, we've got the Claude OS bridge.
 Now, effectively what this means is that we can actually, as you can see,
 let's hear in Hermes, read this dashboard on request.
 What did my dream say?
 What's my Claude of quote?
 So make sure you copy this, go ahead to your Claude model
 and drop that in there so it knows
 that it can access everything.
 And then it's got all the different details
 about where it all lives.
 It is really, really, really helpful, which is fantastic.
 Then, at the bottom, we have what Hermes can do.
 So these are just some interesting ideas, basically skills, which are fantastic
.
 And then you have your documents down here, which is really handy.
 So this is something we built the day,
 which is comparing Kimmy K through with Fable and 5-0 per se.
 So when my Hermes agent goes ahead and builds things for me,
 I get the artifact saved here, which is really cool.
 And I can go back and look at them and they're not kind of lost to time, if you
 like.
 So that's essentially the whole Agentic OS, which kicks up.
 Now, I want to show you something really interesting.
 If I come up to memory, now you remember we had the obsidian section.
 I'm going to show you something really freaking cool.
 If I go full mode here, look at this.
 All my days.
 Now, let's say, for example, many of you know
 that I've run my own speech to text startup, right?
 Which is collider.com.
 Awesome. And the idea here is I can type by holding a button
 and some stuff comes up, right?
 Well, what I can do now, which is amazing,
 is we're building our Agentic tools, and it's completely free to download.
 But one of the features we've done is I've connected it to Hermes.
 So my philosophy is how could we take Hermes to the next level?
 Well, we can bring Hermes onto our computer with us, right?
 So let's say that I am on YouTube.com, all right?
 And let's say that I found this video here, right?
 And I'm like, I want to learn about that.
 Well, look at this.
 I click on this, and I had the Agentic mode summarize this into three bullets.
 All right, check this out.
 And I'm going to say that is absolutely fine.
 I don't want to access to a computer, it's getting me transcript.
 Green button, and bam.
 Just like that, I've now got the full summary, which is fantastic.
 And it did that for me instantaneously.
 It also works with, as you can imagine, articles.
 So I can come down, and if I just had something like a high agency,
 right, come down.
 And you're going to show you how this connects your memory in a second.
 Check this out. Really, I come down.
 I'm like, what?
 Explain this in one sentence, OK?
 Searching site, having a good time,
 figuring out what it is, high agency website offering a concise
 30-minute guide to George Mac on applying high agency principles.
 Now, where does this connect?
 Now, check this out, right?
 If let's say that I'm on YouTube as a, for instance,
 I've clicked on this interview over on Mosey, which is it's not you
 while making money feels impossible in 2026.
 So check this out.
 If I come down and say, give me five facts from this video, please.
 All right, and let's just see what we can get back as a fact.
 OK, the video title, and we can do it, blah, blah, blah.
 Alex Mosey emphasizes the courage.
 He describes a proven method for making 100K a month and three months,
 partnered with little businesses, seller, service of commission,
 and reinvest the earnings call.
 Now, check this out.
 I might say, literally, you can do this with anything.
 I'm going to say, add this to my obsidian memory.
 All right, now I've created a skill.
 Look at this.
 I've now sent this over to Hermes.
 Now, what's really interesting here is this.
 So if I come back a bit, I'd say, give me five facts about this video.
 All right, let's check this out.
 I'm going to get a bit of information, and I can actually go ahead now
 and ask my Hermes agent this.
 So, for example, I'm going to go ahead and copy this,
 and I'm going to sheet over to my Hermes agent and bring it up.
 And in Hermes agent, I can say, hey, Alex Mosey did an interview with Jeff,
 with someone called Jack Neil.
 Just go ahead and check my obsidian memory and give me five interesting facts
 from that entire conversation.
 All right, or it would do this instantaneously by itself.
 So, I am now going to show you that this has actually fully gone
 into our obsidian memory system, and now I can chat to Hermes about this, right
?
 Searching the obsidian vault for Hermosey and Jack,
 and it's going to bring us on up for us directly.
 And as you can see, guys, it's found that there was a question that I asked,
 and within a minute, it's fully ingested in my obsidian memory, which is really
 cool.
 So, the reason to bring this up is because I think this is so sick now
 that we can use tools like this and add your brand together.
 So, let me show you quickly exactly how you would do this.
 So, first thing you would do if you want to use this, I've got a code.
 I think it's like three months for free.
 I'll put it down below this link so you can go ahead and grab it.
 But effectively, what we're going to do is come down and download this.
 It works on Windows and Mac.
 Once you've done that, you can head over to Glado itself.
 So, we're going to have this one here.
 And then what we're going to do is come over to,
 I think it's settings or it is at the bottom, which is on the tool.
 So, settings, and then we want to have a look at account, no general.
 So, enable beta features.
 So, enable this one, and when you do that, you're going to find tools here,
 okay?
 Now, I've got a couple here.
 What I'm going to do is show you this.
 So, I just, I want to let me send things to Hermes.
 It's in beta mode.
 So, it's like not fully built up.
 And again, this is like an optional thing, but I think this is really powerful,
 which is why I'm showing it to you.
 I've been geeking out about this since we long.
 I'm so excited I had to show you.
 All you're going to do, literally, okay, is click on, read the docs.
 You're going to come over and grab that URL.
 You come over to Hermes, and you're going to say, "Hey, go ahead and learn this
."
 And then I want you to create for me a skill.
 In fact, come back and suggest for me three skills that might be helpful for me
 when using this on my computer and link to Hermes, all right?
 And then we're going to come down, drop in, and I can just come down.
 Again, I can do 4/learn at the top, which means it would now be able to build
 up all
 these skills for us, all right?
 And again, it will learn how to do that.
 It will download everything and get that full knowledge.
 But what this effect does now is I can now send information to my
 Agentic operating system with one command.
 That's why this is so powerful.
 But if I see something that's interesting, I can actually explicitly
 instruct that.
 So, this is in beta mode right now in the building of it, and I've been talking
 about this constant background, because I think it's so freaking exciting.
 That I see this as enabling increasing the surface area of Hermes agent to
 everything else, which is why it's so freaking powerful.
 But look, it's going through, it's learning the rules, and it'll do that stuff,
 which
 is why you can ask it things like, "Hey, what is the weather in Budapest right
 now?"
 Okay?
 And it comes back and it'll say, "Hey, the weather is getting the weather.
 Agentic mode is 22 degrees.
 I can tell you about this."
 Excellent.
 And we just escaped that, so you can see exactly what I'm talking about.
 So, it's coming down.
 It's now turning it into an official skill that I can call back
 whenever I would like.
 So, I really like this one here, which is a glider tool from voice specs.
 What I might do is this one here.
 So, I would like it to create for me a skill in my glider skills folder, and
 effectively,
 what I want it to be is I want to be able to send basically you a command, the
 glider,
 and then essentially you to add that cron job.
 So, I want the ability to speak to you to create recurring tasks.
 So, either add that into one we've already got that's existing or create a new
 skill,
 let me know which, and then go ahead and save that.
 Now, the cool thing here as well is that this is all connected, which is great,
 so it works
 for me.
 But effectively, I can send instructions and messages to Hermes agent now
 wherever I am.
 Now, I could open it up, but at the end of the day, this is about saving time
 and making
 it as easy as possible, which is cool.
 It's going down there.
 It is doing it.
 We can do internet search.
 We can do anything.
 So, I'm basically bringing with me at one button clink Hermes.
 So, Hermes is now one button click away anywhere I am, which is insane, and
 again, it all
 connects and fills into the operating system, and it's going to go ahead and
 build out this
 new MCP for us.
 And then, literally all we do inside Glider, guys, is when you're here, you're
 going to
 click on import, okay, and then you're going to have a folder, which is Glider
 Skills,
 and using the information that learned from the actual folder, you're going to
 click on
 this, open it up, and it adds it in, like that's how freaking good this is.
 It's got web search.
 It's got everything.
 It can go ahead and do that, it can connect to different things.
 It's still in beta, but you get there, there's a lot of your feedback, but you
 can see exactly
 where this is going.
 It's now creating a dedicated server, and it'll then add it to that folder for
 us.
 And then, just like that, it's going to add and create a brand new skill for us
, so let's
 go ahead to Glider now and import this.
 So, come to Glider, click on import, and let's have a look.
 We've got Hermes Chron, so go ahead and open it up, and then we should see it
 appear, let
 you go at Hermes Chron, create list, port, resume, or remove recurring Hermes
 Chron jobs
 from voice.
 So, let's go ahead and test it out, so let's go ahead and give it a task.
 Let's say that I'm looking at my emails, or I'm looking at a thing here, and I
 might
 be something like, I could maybe highlight something and be like, let's go
 ahead and
 highlight these instructions.
 I could say, hey Glider, actually, hey, in fact, how about we say something
 like this,
 right?
 I can highlight this and be like, hey, just tell Hermes to create a task in 30
 minutes
 to remind me of this information, please.
 All right, come down, come do this, approve a required, I'm going to say let's
 always
 allow that, which is fine.
 It's going to create a reminder for us, send us off to Hermes, it's now
 checking everything
 in the background.
 And then it's come back and say, hey, task shuttle for 30 minutes from now, it
 will remind
 you of your operating system, update instructions.
 Has that worked?
 Well, we don't need to wait to find that out.
 I can literally escape this and say, hey, I just set a reminder, could you
 confirm what
 reminder I set with you?
 Okay?
 What did I ask you to do in 30 minutes?
 All right.
 And the cool thing here is I can highlight text, I can do videos, if I'm
 thinking, I
 don't have to come back, I just think it adds a lot of value to this.
 So now this is going to go ahead and check what I've asked it to do.
 Guys, look at this, so here was my question and look, created this, it's all
 that, download
 the file, attach the code, then I want to go to that message and telegram, so
 you can
 see how freaking crazy and epic this thing actually is, it just takes it to a
 completely
 new level.
 So with that in mind, you understand some of the basics now of this, we know
 how to
 supercharge our memory, to make it as epic as possible.
 I hope you have as much fun with this as I did by the way, and at the bottom of
 this
 memory thing, by the way, guys, we have, we can click into these levels and see
 how they
 all connect with one of each other, and I've got some really fascinating
 updates coming.
 But taking a step back, what do we need to know about the OS and what if your
 OS is on
 a VPS?
 How does it all work and how does it all connect together?
 Well, let's take a look and dive into a little bit more detail.
 So the idea is always on, we have the engine, we have the window, the operating
 system, as
 I said, is essentially, think of it as your command center, your control panel
 for everything.
 It's the engine room, it's a cockpit, it's really, really important.
 Now there are five ways that we can enter in and actually access Hermes, we can
 do it
 terminal, which you bring it up, you do terminal like so, you enter in forward
 slash Hermes,
 you end that.
 You can do it in the dashboard, which is this thing here in our dashboard chat.
 You can do a desktop app chat.
 So if I come down, I type in Hermes, I can open up Hermes itself and have that.
 This effectively, guys, is just like a more, I need to retry this one here and
 repair the
 install.
 But effectively, it's just like a more user-friendly version of the terminal.
 It's nothing really crazy.
 That's why I built this because it just had so much more aspects.
 There's a kanban we can use, and then we've got the OS console, which is really
 helpful.
 And there's also a dashboard that opens up and does some things, but Hermes is
 consolidating
 around the app, which is really important.
 Now the idea here is that we have one folder that manages everything for whom
 is agent,
 that has your memory machine skills, your quantum session, and it just makes it
 very
 easy to take any way you want to, which is why building a GitHub is so, so
 important.
 And the idea with this is that we can move the brand if we ever wanted to do
 this from
 a VPS to our own metal, or from our own metal to another location, and we can
 bring and
 say that everything together.
 So it's portable.
 It's not linked and lost when we move and do various different things, which is
 really,
 really important.
 Now, some very interesting things that we can physically do if we wanted to, is
 we can
 actually access different files and different computers and VPSs using
 something called
 tail-scale.
 So to do that, you can shoot over to the one-fold tail-scale, which is crazy.
 Their free planet is out of this world.
 It's a secure, connectivity platform for the AI area, you can go through and
 understand
 how it works.
 It's super, duper easy.
 What we're going to do is click on "get started" and create a free account, and
 when you do
 that, you're going to see a screen that looks something like this and you sign
 up.
 So you're going to install tail-scale and sign in on that account.
 So the first thing we do is download tail-scale on that one particular computer
.
 I've got Mac OS, so I'm going to download it, and I'm actually going to do this
 with you
 live on my laptop at the same time, so I've got my laptop here on my left-hand
 side, so
 we can do this.
 Now, you can run this as a command on your terminal if you want to, but we're
 going to
 go ahead and install this.
 And then you get all the series of questions here, which is going to continue.
 That's fine.
 Go ahead and get that installed and then draw a password.
 Now, once you've downloaded the app, you can see there's a system extension
 that basically
 enables it to extend the network and features of your Mac.
 You can see that's fine.
 Go ahead and open the settings to give it the ability to do that.
 Then you're going to find tail-scale and say, "Hey, that's cool.
 That's decent."
 And then we're going to head into the password.
 Then you want to go ahead and allow the VPN configuration.
 Then it just basically lets you join the network, which is cool.
 Next, connect this to your network by selling it to tail-scale and authorizing
 it.
 So when we come down here to reconnect, so we've acquired the login, which is
 cool.
 And then we go ahead and log in with our account.
 This pops up.
 So that's fine.
 Go ahead and connect.
 And now what I've been going to about, we now have the tail-scale app.
 Let's go ahead and make it a permanent feature on our desktop.
 And this is really handy if like me, you've got a kind of like a system on your
 home computer
 and also a laptop, which is really cool.
 So you can show you around.
 So you can go ahead and show me around which is cool.
 You browse your tail net, which is I guess is everything that's connected
 together.
 We can then see talk to other devices, which is fantastic.
 And then on top of that, got a mini player, lots of different things, and
 always in the
 menu bar.
 I think like done.
 So in this page here, you can see we've got all the devices there.
 So if I download this on my other computer now, I'd then be able to access the
 files
 on both locations.
 And so for example, I just said, "Hey, Dabrowski, I just told tail-scale.
 I want to go over to my other MacBook Pro, and I want to find out what was the
 last thing
 that I saved to my desktop?"
 Now, the answer to this question is B-roll retention handover, all right?
 So if I can show you this, and you can see it on the camera or not, but I know
 you guys
 believe me because you can see B-roll, say the handover thing.
 What the hell?
 I don't know what the hell it's called.
 B-roll retention handover.
 So now it's access and tail-scale.
 It's got both things here on the left and the side.
 And I can actually grab and access files and do various different things
 between them,
 which is cool.
 So go ahead and do this now.
 Let's just go ahead and enable this.
 So I'll enable remote login now.
 So you can do a few different things.
 You can enable it to do remote logins, or you can basically give it a one-line
 terminal
 command.
 And so I selected the option that allowed me to dial in remotely.
 And what it'll do is give you one sort of terminal command to run on your other
 computer.
 You run that, and then also you've succeeded.
 As you can see, it checked it now, and it gave me the exact answer, which is
 incredible.
 Now I can have access between both of them, which is awesome.
 Then if I come back over here, one of the things I've added to you as well is
 if you're
 running this on a VPS, all you're going to do is install this code, and then I
've got
 your prompt here, which will enable you to have, this is a scenario to be
 helpful.
 You've got your Hermes running on a VPS somewhere, but all of your data is on
 your
 MacBook, your desktop.
 Now I recommend you always run it on your own hardware, but if you like, it can
't be
 open 24/7 of those issues, this enables you to bridge the gap and lets you kind
 of access
 that data if you want to.
 So here is a prompt that you might find helpful to run and kick some butt with
 that as well,
 which will make things pretty easy and save you a lot of headache.
 So again, I have all the instructions on the setup here, it's dead straight
 forward following
 those best processes.
 So effectively, we have your private mesh, if you like.
 So there's the right way which we've done here, which is we've installed a
 server laptop
 phone, we've logged into them, every device gets a stable private 100X address
 and a
 name that survives sleep rooms networks and lets you work from the beach,
 basically.
 So let's talk about what this is and how it works.
 So WireGuard is minus the paint, so you can use a mesh VPN, every device
 connects directly
 to every other.
 It's encrypted end to end.
 The coordination server only introduces them, your traffic never touches them,
 which is
 really handy.
 And as you can see, this is so handy, guys, it even shut off my camera, that's
 how powerful
 these systems are.
 It basically overheated my camera because the deals are too hot.
 So this explains how it works, why there's no open ports, it punches through
 the N80 outbound,
 so the firewall stays short to the public and so that these are basically just
 the systems
 of why this is like safer and how it works, so you can go into more detail if
 you want
 to, which is really helpful, so it's sealed end to end, it's invisible on the
 outside,
 devices, all that kind of thing.
 And it's locked by default, so an always on agent is always on attack surface.
 Four things you never do, six boxes you must always tick, so no two ways think
 of Hermes
 between machines.
 And again, there's just a little bit more detail about how you connect together
 if you
 are going to be using Teleskull, just so you know exactly where to stand and
 how it's
 kicked butt, which is freaking amazing, but the upshot of this now is that you
 can access
 between both, we'll just make sure that they are super secure.
 Now we've covered the critical information around the Hermes operating system
 and the
 next module, I'm going to run you through security and compliance, the stuff
 that people
 don't like to talk about, but it is so, so, so important and you have to master
 this
 if you can be building the machines at scale, grab that coffee and I'll catch
 you inside
 the next training.
