>> Can you hear me? >> Yes, I can hear you now, how are you? >> Yeah, I don't know what happened. I don't know what happened. >> I don't know how, thank you. >> Yes. My name is Jin J. I am G. I am doing a hoe. Okay, thank you. My husband, David, followed me on your website, so I was reading it.

It's pretty informative. Thank you so much. >> Yeah. >> So we had a house in Southern Highland. We want to sell in April, because the reason is, so that's our secondary rental property. >> Okay. >> And our tenants moving out after five years. And we're basically tired of managing the rental stuff, so we decided to sell it.

And unfortunately, I guess it's not really a good season to sell the property, because we know that there's a lot of unitaries in Vegas, but our location is Southern Highland. I just went to Zillow. I look up for the comp situation. It's like 111 homes. There's the same similar, we have three bedrooms, two and a half baths, and over 2,000 square feet, the size.

And also, what we have, I noticed that no one else has, is we have a beautiful backyard, the fence that is facing a green walk path, we call green belt. And that is beautiful scenery, and we have a nice jacuzzi, basically on the backyard. It's making it very beautiful. And we've been maintaining the yard, there's a lot of like the nice, the tenants been helping as well.

The taking care of the yard, we have plants and the beautiful flower in the summer or whatever, the season of grooming. It makes it very different with other ones, so it's kind of standing out among other homes that is listed. OK. And so I have a question. First of all, are you a realtor or a licensed realtor?

Where are you an agent? Where are you a realtor? Yeah, I'm a licensed realtor. So yeah, so I am listening and helping clients buy homes all the time. OK, I went on the website Zillow. I thought that you had only three homes though last year. Is that correct? That is correct on what I get credit for.

I was on a team for the entire year. So basically, every sale that I had went straight to the team. So I really didn't-- I sold more than three homes. But the team that I was on got all the credit for it, unfortunately. Part of the reason why I left the team.

So technically, with what you can see online, yeah, I sold three homes. But what I actually did with the team that I was on is we sold over 50 homes as a team. And I'm a part of all 50 that we had. So I'm just trying to make it on my own now instead of giving out everyone else the credit, I guess you could say.

So you were-- something like you were a broker before. And then now, you just came out of that brokerage. And then you are running your own website, everything, trying to do your own business, am I correct? Basically, that's correct. Yeah, I'm still at the same brokerage. So it goes broker and then teams, and then single agent at the same place.

So I'm still at the same place. It's just-- I'm just not on that team anymore. Like I said, I sold about 10 homes, 15 homes in the middle there all last year. And that's not including the ones that I was a part of every day with the other 50 or 60 that we sold last year.

So I have plenty of experience in this area. It's just, unfortunately, you can't see the credit for it, and I can't claim that I have it. So I kind of just have to do what I can. OK, OK, that's fine. Hola, have you been in the residential real estate sales business? So I have my license since 2018.

Oh, OK. Yeah, so I've had my license in 2018. I have-- I was in commercial for about two years or so, and then switched back over to residential during those eight years. So the residential. I just curious about the residential. How many years? Yeah, specifically residential, it's been six years. Oh, OK, six years, OK.

And so I would think, the marketing strategy, I guess, do you have it so far specialized? The neighborhood that you were-- are you familiar with Southern Highlands, basically? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, absolutely. I don't mean to cut you off. But yes, I'm definitely familiar with Southern Highlands. I actually live not right next to it, but in the general area.

And Southern Highlands, specifically alone, I have-- well, it was out of the ones that I sold last year. There was four in the Southern Highlands zip code, 89141. That I was a part of the listing of. And as far as buying goes, I've done two in the past year and a half. So you are representing the buyer, and then you bought two in that zip code.

So you were-- Four, two of those, yeah. And then for the listing side, yes, I was a part of four. OK, four. The listing side, are you currently listing any property in Southern Highlands right now? Right now in Southern Highlands? No, I do not have any. OK, OK, but then you bought, at least in the-- it's a done transaction you bought two in that community, Southern Highlands, correct?

In the Southern Highlands community, yeah, does it-- yeah. OK, OK, so what do you-- so you know that there's what they call, I guess, division. It's called via data. It's not a data, because there's a value view on characters. There's the via data that one is dated, and the other one's not.

So ours is not, but it's on the Somerset Hill. It's nice to the smooth shopping center. It's very close to this nest. Yeah, it's very beautiful neighborhood. And it's kind of, you know, the nice-- they call it 10, 10, I guess. It's 10 minutes to the 405, 10 minutes to the 215. If I remember correctly, 215.

And then it's the school. There are nice schools. My son used to go to school there. He went to elementary free, Charles free at school. Oh, yeah. He went there for four years, and then we move out to out of the state. So let me see. What would be-- I'm thinking, what would be your strategy if I have you to represent-- I don't want you to do a dual agent, But let's see if you have people look, do you have anyone that right now interested in buying in Southern Highland?

I actually am working with one person. Their price range is a little bit higher. So I did very preliminary work on the address that I had here on file. It's the one on Palace or Bay Drive. Bay Drive. Yeah. I did very preliminary work. So don't take that. But my buyer that I do have, they are looking for around 900,000 or so, type home.

So yeah, so we're not that one. Yeah, I do have one. But personally, if I'm going to be frank and honest with you, I actually don't like doing a dual agency. And I don't like other agents that do it. I just don't know how you can represent both sides and still be a fiduciary to both.

It doesn't make sense. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't want the conflict interest anyway. Yeah. It feels like a big one. So I don't even entertain it. If I do find a buyer that wants it, I refer it out to someone else. And they can handle on that other side. I don't even-- I don't even want to entertain it.

OK. So you have two trying to buy Southern Highlands. The one is the high luxury of homes. What about the other one? Do you know what's-- No, no, I only have one that's looking for that luxury higher end home. The other two that I already did sell already bought, unfortunately. It was the last year or this year?

That was within the last year. So it was-- Oh, you bought it. Yeah, they bought it. One was in August and one was in October. So this has been-- it's just been there. And then the time change, I guess, same thing, the market. Do you know, by any chance, why out of Southern that I was just looking at Zillow, I was looking at the same zip code, 89141 Southern Highlands for the comms.

There are 116-- why out of Southern everybody's selling? I heard-- I just, you know, you're not the first one I'm calling. I did talk to Broker. And then somebody told me that a lot of homes that is on the Zillow, they're not really serious. They are still living in that.

And our house is going to be vacant by April. Like the attendance-- the movie last day, the latest, is the 7th of April. It could be gosh, he could actually move out on the first because he's relocating. Because he love our place. You know, they're a lovely young couple. They don't have any issue. They don't have kids.

They don't have cats. And they live-- they've been there five years loving it. And they're self-intaining everything. We have a good relationship just because they're going to move out of Nevada State, and then we're kind of-- our age feel like my husband, then he doesn't want to manage anymore. So that's like, OK, let's just-- we got serious about selling, just, you know.

And so I'm thinking, what would be your percentage of the broke commission if I used you for representing a seller? So I do 3% for my commission on my side. And then as you probably know, the buyer side is always negotiable. And with that 3%, you're getting all of my marketing.

So I do basically 1% goes to taxes. 1% goes to my marketing, which I spend a lot of money on my marketing. And the other third is actually what I'm able to take home. But what I would do for your home specifically, and the other agents that you said you talked to, I do agree a lot of the homes out there right now.

They aren't serious at all. The problem is, the problem that we have here in Las Vegas is we have agents that will list homes just so they have the inventory on their books, basically, that I'm a listing agent. I can sell homes. See, I got all these homes listed for sale.

But the problem is, is that they don't come up with an actual listing strategy or an actual pricing strategy. And that's the big hookup right now. The pricing on a lot of homes right now are way too high. And that's one of two reasons. One, the seller isn't serious.

Or two, the agent decided not to lack a better word. A fight for a better purchase or a better sales price. So for your home specifically, what I would do is first, I would love to see the home because I don't want to give you a price over the phone because that just doesn't do anyone a actual good service there.

But basically, look at the home, look at the beautiful features that you're telling me about. And come up with an actual pricing strategy that works. What I personally do that I have noticed not many others do is I do something called a coming soon listing. And I usually do that for 10 to 14 days, which actually might even work better in your favor with all this because you have that tenant in there.

And what we can do is have a listing launch date for the day after they move out so we can make sure the place is clean. And whenever I know you said that they're great people, so it makes sense. But that would be the actual launch date.

However, we would have a coming soon for 10 to 14 days prior to that so it gets on the market. People start seeing the house. They can see, wow, this is coming on the market. It's not even out yet. Maybe we should get in there sooner so we can try and buy it sooner.

So before it gets on the market, not a lot of agents do that. Probably because not many believe-- or not many know how to properly. So what I do is I do a whole-- I do all my marketing from the day one of the coming soon. So I don't start it on April 7th or April 8th.

I'll start it. Too late, obviously. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That is way too late. So that's basically what I do. I do a lot with that. I do work for the number one brokerage in Las Vegas, actually, real broker. So I have a lot of agents that I can tap into that have buyers. So it's-- You have an network, basically.

OK. Yeah, and I try my best not to make anyone-- or tick anyone off, I don't want to. I want to work with everyone. So yeah, my network is pretty big, and I like to keep it that way. Just let me know your workload right now as of this month, whether it be selling, representing the seller, or representing the buyer, how many you have on your plate right now?

Yeah, so I personally don't like to work with more than five people at a time, whether that's all listings, all buyers. Personally, that is because I feel like I spread myself too thin, and I don't give the service that I really should be giving to everyone. So I noticed as soon as I hit 6, 7, 8, I'm-- I'm not more so forgetting things.

I'm just-- I don't feel like I'm giving the 100% like I should be. So right now, I do have a listing out in Henderson, and I have two other buyers that, unfortunately, they're not looking into their highlands, but I do have two other buyers that I'm working with. So we're going through right now, and I potentially have another one coming up in May, but that's far from now, so.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's far. So if we redo, there'll be one ahead of that five May guy. OK, so you're a full-time agent, all right? Oh, yes, yeah. And then on the same time, you're heading into working with a team for the broker that is how much workload for them?

When I was with the team, we were-- they didn't share my full-time. I was working with six or seven buyers, three or four listings at a time, and it was stressful. It was good money, but it was also-- I just wasn't given the service I wanted, so I had to stop.

And I wasn't getting credit, as you could see. Yeah, yeah, so you are not doing it now, is the list-- this other team, one thing. No. You just want to understand your play, to understand how much you can spend time on our property, so that's just-- Yeah, so I'm a full-time agent.

I have the one listing, and I'm working with two other buyers. I'm not on that team anymore. I'm solo in my brokerage now. I'm still a good term with them and everything. It's just-- it's helped better just to go on my own now. OK, OK, gotcha. So how do you describe your negotiation styles?

I mean, I see some of your articles that post on your website is pretty impressive, but come down to the real world, what would be your negotiation style? So my style is to work with everyone, regardless of how amazing or terrible the offer comes in. The reason is, is because I feel like working with honey is a little bit better than working with other bad things.

But basically, my negotiation is I don't start off high, so I can get to the middle. We work out terms. Everything comes out to terms. The purchase price might be great, but the terms might be absolutely terrible for you. So it all depends on what comes across the plate, but ultimately, my negotiation style is work with everyone, make sure everyone's happy, and my client always wins at the end.

And whether your win is because you've got a highest purchase price, but the terms are bad, but you're OK with that, or the terms are great, the purchase price is not so great, but you're happy with that, great. Or we get everything that we want, which is always the goal, and which is always what I seem to do for clients and get.

But basically, at the end of the day, what you want, whatever seller and every buyer wants is terms that you can live with, purchase price that you can be happy with, and sold as fast as humanly possible. And that's what I do, so. OK, thanks. To do charge any extra fees, extra fees, I think that I could transaction fees.

No, I, for listening, I take care of that. I put all the extra fees inside my 3%. So transaction coordinator that I have, I pay for the marketing. I pay for my brokerage fee. I pay for it all comes from that 3%. OK, OK, and what kind of marketing strategy you have?

So the first part is that coming soon, so we start there. It gives us an extra, like I said, 10 days to 14 days to get the market, get the property out there. We'll do listing videos. It's all the, of course, marketing that I go with, that everyone says that they do.

But it's, of course, everyone does it. We do the listing videos. We do the fake pictures. I actually spend probably too much money on my pictures. How many pictures do you post, nobody? Say again. For one property, how many pictures do you normally post on one property?

So I, with my photographer, we, I pay for about 95 photos. We don't use all 95. But it gets every angle, because, wait, come on. But what I typically do is I get to, I try to have a minimum of 25. That's the minimum, because you want to show every angle, especially for, you said, a 2000 square foot house, or just above that.

That's how much is really digestible for someone. But I usually like to put up 30, 35. And that includes drone shots and all that kind of good stuff. But basically, all that is part of the marketing. The one thing that a lot of people don't realize is how important the picture selection is, especially in the beginning of the list of photos.

So on Zillow, you're going to scroll through homes. And I've been with my wife for 21 years, so I don't even know how to work with match.com or anything like that, or any of those apps. But everyone today works and goes through Zillow like they're on a dating app.

And if they're not excited after the third fourth photo, they skip it. And here in Vegas, what we have is a lot of homes that look exactly the same, right? So it always bugs me a little bit. - That's really actually, you know, inside the looks like give or take almost the same, but then there are individual stuff like our house.

Majority, not everybody's house. I noticed that it's upstairs carpeted. And we had renovated our home in 2021. We changed the stairs and the upstairs old to vinyl plank. So it's much easier to clean and to maintain the cleanness of the house. And downstairs just the normal, you know, let's say this stone tile stuff.

- Oh yeah, what I was more so talking about was actually the outside of the house, not the inside. - Yeah, outside the, you know, I noticed the A9141, I opened up everybody's listing. The backyard is just a dirt or, you know, the majority are dirt. Okay, they didn't have a nice attractive view.

But our backyard, if you go down the Zillow, if you look at our house, you will see the beautiful jacuzzi, the hot top there. It's just a very attractive. And then the view, you're gonna see the trees and the plants and you're gonna see right across the fence. You're gonna see the, I hope I can capture that.

You see a pathway because when we lived there five years, we used to, you know, just get out of the house, have a beautiful walk all the way to, I think Southern Highland Parkway, that the main boulevard there, there's a nice neighborhood family park. There's a lot of events, I used to walk with my son, go to the park, attend like Easter, any kind of event.

There's a lot of family events going on. That's a walking distance. So I enjoy that. So that is a perk. I believe I have not seen anyone else have that. So they just a little bit of competitiveness on just the beautiful view. - Yeah, yeah, every little bit helps, absolutely.

- Yeah, I wish I could do the sales 'cause I have a better, you know, speech for myself to self my own house, seriously, because I've lived there five years. I know you found out the, I've been loving it. It is not because the job change, but how's the job change?

I have to abandon the home and then rent it out. You know, that was the one time, you know, it was a blessing we had in that property. So anyhow, let me see what else questions. So far for the selling based on the selling just from last year to now, how fast you sold the home.

Obviously, it depends on the pricing, right? Depending on the pricing, the asking price. But on the, I read our website, it says if you price it correctly, right? If you price it, you don't overprice it. You don't, it's just a truthful price. We're looking at how fast you had to turn that sales.

Correct. That is the most important because once you price your home, just even at this, in this exact market, even if you price it to 3% higher than where it should be, it sits for months. It's not great if you are trying to get a little bit higher than what you probably will end up getting.

And after two weeks or so, when it gets on the market, so I'm not talking about 10 to 14 days of coming soon, and then you'll know I'm talking about the 10 to 14 days coming soon, and then add another two weeks to that, 'cause that's the actual days on market, you will start to see if you price it right or not.

And the way you know that is the showings, are they, are there any for, are there any? And two, there are a lot, but no offers. And right now, a lot of agents here are not giving the seller feedback, which does not help the seller, whatsoever, basically because there have been lawsuits where people get feedback and then all of a sudden, they get sued because they, 'cause of very stupid reasons.

But, so that's why a lot of agents kind of clam up a little bit, don't want to tell you a lot of the feedback that their buyers are giving. One, also because they don't want to make you upset with what they have to say. But judging from what you're telling me, just really not anything negative, really to say.

So, that is part of the issue. Right now, if you were to sell your house in under 30 days, which is obviously the goal, and I'm not, that would be not including the actual contract time. That's just getting it under contract within 30 days. It's about 41% of the homes on the market right now.

So, if you get it in contract under 30 days, you're a part of the 41% of the community. Of not just Southern Highlands, that's all of Las Vegas. And, they're certain with Las Vegas, there's certain pockets that sell really, really fast, and there's some pockets that sell really, really slow, and there's everyone in between.

And Southern Highlands is actually in between right now. If you go to a place like Sky Canyon, which is the complete opposite direction, but if you go over there, there's a lot of new construction homes over there. So, anyone trying to sell their house over there, it is not good for them, because they're competing with the 4% interest rate that new construction can give.

Right? - Yeah, yeah, yeah. - But, in Southern Highlands, you don't have that issue as much, because there's not 10 different new construction communities right next to it. So, it's very helpful. So, you're in the middle, and when you're in the middle of those two extremes, then your home typically should sell faster than most other pockets.

It just comes down to pricing, and how fast you're willing to adjust that pricing, when the market is giving you all the information by not getting showings, or not getting any offers in the first two weeks. - Okay, thank you. But I guess it's kind of unpredictable, actually, because for some of the inventories, I don't know buyers, how many buyers out there are even?

I don't even know. It used to be by the year we moved to Vegas. We were from California, and then I used to hear our pastor, the local church, told us, you old California, moved to Las Vegas. Back in the day, that was a lot of California moving in. Now, is that still California, or something in place?

- No, it's, so they actually cut down the website about a year ago, but there was a website that's, it was basically where money walks, and what that website does is tell you exactly where people are taking all of their tax dollars to, so where they're moving to, and for Vegas specifically, it's San Bernardinho, San Diego, LA, Northern California, like Palo Alto, and then the other ones in Chicago, for some reason, Chicago.

I don't know why Chicago. - No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, so those were the five, the top five places where people were taking all their money over to Vegas. Right now, if you look up DMV records, it's still the same, and you can see that it's basically, it varies month to month, obviously, but it's two to 3,000 people a month still move here, and of course, majority of it is from California.

- Okay, and now, just to be honest with you, your commission's a little bit high on the high side, but Soundcore, you are very, have a good strategy, but my concern is, do you so far are in the one that is sold, the one you sold, or perhaps maybe at some of the experience of the one that you are representing like a buyer?

Is there any like an agent, like for the buyer's agent that the buyer can pick it up? Don't fall on there, don't let the seller pay for the commission.

So, right now, 98% of the homes that get sold in Vegas have a buyer and a seller representation in the agreement. Now, depending on the price of the home, like I said, I did preliminary, and we're probably looking for your home roughly around 500 or below, again, preliminary, I haven't looked at everything.

- No, no, no, it's not gonna be 500 at high. I don't think of where under the luxury, we're not really luxury. I want to be honest with you. Yeah, I don't think that it's not gonna be 500. It's not gonna be 500. - Okay. - 'Cause our house, I talked to somebody, you know, I believe it's somewhere like a 460, 450 range.

- Okay. - So, around there. - In Southern Highlands, that's actually really good, because anywhere between 400 and 500, that's where all the homes are actually selling right now.

- And not just Southern Highlands, just in days in general, that that's the mark. So, if you're realistic in your pricing. - We're very realistic. We're not someone that trying to, you know, just, we're honest, we're transparent. We are, yeah, we don't want to price late high beyond the market comps, 'cause we did a research a little bit, the comps.

Anyhow, however, we have things that you cannot even compare with our backyard, it's just a beauty. We used to love it. It just still has an outdoor fire pit, and then a barbecue, and then the jacuzzi, the hot tub, and the nice, just a nice view. And plus, we maintain the backyard, the trees and the flower.

It's just beautiful. I don't see other people. I see the everybody else is like the dirt and the rocks, and then even it's a brick wall. You don't see anything, it's kind of privacy. You do have your privacy. But then this one is like, when we were there, my son is small, when he's a little.

So he's kind of like run around in the backyard, and then there are kids, those are all walk away. So we got connected with neighborhood kids. So it's just very family. It's the best for a family, you know? There's the children, there's the kids. The buyer's our home.

I would've think so, but I don't care at this point. You know, whoever is want to buy it. But I'm just saying, because the all door, the patio, everything is just beautiful. - Yeah, and with everything that you're telling me, and I appreciate you being candid and being honest with me, that's very helpful, thank you.

What I would say is as far as the buyer commission, 'cause I want to make sure I answer that question for you, the first thing is I don't want you to tell me that you're willing or not willing to pay for the commission, because technically that's also illegal. I'm not supposed to know that with the whole lawsuit that occurred a year and a half ago.

In November, or I'm sorry, it settled in August of 24. Technically, I'm not supposed to know that. So what I will tell you is if you want the other side to work hard to make sure the deal goes in, yeah, you probably would want to pay the buyer's commission, but again, it truly depends on the contract and offer that you get.

If you do not get a great offer with great terms, then why would you pay them a massive fee to them? It doesn't make sense to me. But again, that's my personal opinion, and that's someone who is a buyer representation. So I've worked with buyers that I've known for maybe all of 10 minutes because they were a Zillow lead, and I went and helped them.

I didn't even ask for the full 3%, 'cause it didn't make sense to me. I didn't even do anything. So why would I get paid for the whole thing? You know what I mean? To me, I'm just, I'm very realistic. So the only day, what I would say is, and actually I'm working negotiating a deal right now on that listing that I have, trying to get that through, but what I would do, and I don't usually like to tell people this before I get a contract signed or anything, so I'm giving you a little bit of the inside scoop and how I work things, but if you get a good offer, not a great one, but a good one, and they're asking for a full 3% fee that they're looking for.

What I typically like to negotiate for my clients is, well, we'll give you 2% at that purchase price that you're giving, or if you want your full 3%, add 1% on top of the purchase price, and we'll do it. And from there, you kind of get, you know, again, that's assuming you're okay with giving 2%, of course, please don't tell me.

But if that is kind of the range that you're happy with and we tell the other agent this, then they have a choice that they go to their clients with and say, hey, you know, they're willing to do it for 2%, I'll take care of it for you, we'll just do it at 2, and we'll get it for that price that we agreed on, or they'll say, hey, they're not willing to pay me my full 3% that I require, so we can either add another 1% on top of the purchase price, and then we'll be good, or you guys come on a pocket for that 1%, which one would you rather do?

And that's kind of how it all ends up going at the end of the day anyways. And you kind of, you know, again, it's all about the terms, it's all about the purchase price and what you're happy with at the end of the day. - Okay, thank you. Um, let's see, what else I may have questions.

- I think pretty much yet, yeah. So let me talk to my husband to see if he wants to have you to come to our house. We have to, the tenants still living there right now. So we have to coordinate, but let me talk to him to see if he wants to go with you, then we can have you come to our house, take a look.

- Okay. - Will you be available Monday, Friday, any time, or do you have any preferred hours? - No, so typically, I mean, if we're living in a perfect world, I'm usually up around 6 a.m., and I try to end my day because I do have a son and family and everything around five, but I just put my son to sleep, so I was able to call.

But yeah, so Monday through Friday, that's basically the hours that I work anyways. So if you want, we can schedule a time, talk to your husband, of course, obviously, and his name is David, did I get that right? - Yes, yes. - Yeah, okay, yeah, so talk to David there.

And again, you can text or you can call me another time that works for us all to get on the phone and talk, or however you guys want to handle it, you let me know, and we'll schedule a time, make sure it's nice and appropriate for everyone.

- Okay, wonderful, and then you are a license is not, right? - Correct, absolutely, yeah. - Okay, okay, okay, okay, yeah, okay, so let me talk to him and I'll give you a ring or text. This is your cell phone, I can text you, correct? - Yeah, absolutely. - Okay, yeah, okay, thank you so much, Ryan, I appreciate you, baby, for evening, I apologize, I called you on Saturday.

- Oh, no, no, no, you're all fine. We gotta find the good agent, da-da-da, I said, yeah, he come out on the list and I come out on the field list, but your website, it was, he, tonight, research, he followed me, this, and he's just sleeping right now, so I'll talk to him tomorrow morning and then we'll send you a text, and then I will send you a text.

- That works for me? - And then you need a 10, yeah, okay, thank you so much, thank you for your time, you have a good rest of the night. - No problem, you have a good rest of the night. - You're a good rest, you're a good rest as well, thank you. - Okay, thank you, all right, bye-bye.