 You know, beautiful AI automated and welcome to chapter five of the Hermes
 masterclass.
 This one is amazing.
 You are going to love it.
 So I hope you caffeinated.
 I hope you got that beautiful coffee.
 I hope the phone is on do not disturb because we're going to lock in and take
 Hermes to
 a completely level with how we're doing everything here.
 So let's recap.
 We built it.
 We powered it.
 We've given it a memory.
 I've got something very fascinating to show you as a little side power up on
 that as well
 that only just became possible.
 Now, never leave this.
 Now, what we need to do is show you exactly how we can take it to a completely
 new level.
 And what we're going to start off with here is what we call the command deck.
 And this is best explained by a few different commands.
 So these are powerful features.
 These are things that you probably didn't really know that you could actually
 do inside
 Hermes.
 And then talks about them except for me right now, explaining to you.
 So here is three that are really good to know, generally speaking, the steer,
 the cue and
 the control seat.
 And then we've got some additional ones.
 So let me pull the Hermes up and I can show you what these look like in
 practice.
 All right.
 We have our Hermes aging up.
 The first one I'm going to show you here is steer.
 So let's say, for example, we give Hermes a prompt, okay, and then we come over
 and
 we send a message.
 So I might say something like, hey, there, I want you to go out and find for me
 the best
 practices when going ahead and including B roll in videos.
 All right.
 So you're going to send off a message.
 Now, if I send this another message and I say, hey, like so, it interrupts the
 task and
 stops it dead in its tracks.
 So that's not really great.
 That's not what we want to do.
 What we want to do instead of doing that is if you send it an actual message,
 and what
 I'm going to do here as well is just to prevent and speed this up and come down
 here and
 just click on stop.
 So stop basically kills any background processes that exist.
 It's very, very handy to use that if you physically need to.
 So now it's going back and it's going ahead and doing the task, right?
 What we can do instead is I can do forward slash and I can do steer and I can
 say, hey,
 make this specifically about YouTube.
 All right.
 So you do is forward slash there, give it a little additional direction.
 This is like something that you forgot to add in to the initial prompt, okay,
 which is
 really helpful.
 So I need to go ahead and fix the model because the model isn't working the one
 that I put
 currently bolted up.
 So what we're going to do right now is come ahead and do forward slash stop to
 kill the
 processes.
 No active tasks.
 That's correct.
 We're going to do forward slash come down to model very quickly.
 I know we can just change the model to anything we want to for the purposes of
 the demo.
 So I changed the model back over to Grok, Grok has got like a million contacts,
 which
 is fantastic.
 And it's come back very, very quickly with a lot of thing.
 I might say which are the top, which are the three most important from that
 list to something
 dead simple.
 And again, you'll see how fast Grok is.
 It's lightning fast and it's responses, which is cool.
 The big three motivated, not decorative change on the give you two to five
 seconds and show
 before you explain.
 So that one is a really interesting one.
 Now another one could be, hey, go and find me the best practices of how to grow
 to 100,000
 Instagram followers.
 Now if I want to give it a message that isn't really connected to that message,
 but I don't
 want to stop the initial one, I can do forward slash Q. And again, you can come
 down like
 this and say, hey, go and find out for me the best way to get to 100,000
 followers on
 LinkedIn.
 All right, boom.
 And so I can just literally just drop all these sequential messages.
 And then when her mates is finished, it will come back and look at them all in
 turn, which
 is going to save us a lot of time.
 Now other really interesting ones that you might want to use, which I'll
 include on
 clip is full pack as well for you in the classroom that you can grab them.
 We can undo, we can roll back to restore and auto snapshot before a risky edit.
 The other thing that we can do is if we've made a change to Hermes that we don
't like,
 because we set it up properly with the GitHub versioning early on at the
 beginning of this
 master class, we can just roll it straight back to something else.
 We can compress, although typically speaking, it tends to do this by itself,
 which is really
 handy.
 We can hand off.
 We can do a, as we call ministry of agents.
 Of course, we can also do that inside of Hermes, a genetic operating system
 down here.
 If you scroll down, you've got ministry of experts, click on this, and then we
 can literally
 grab all this thing, which is fantastic.
 And also, if you prefer as well, we can literally come down here, grab this,
 and just as one,
 click on ministry, then you can begin the whole thing and get rocking and
 rolling with
 it, which is super handy.
 We've got journey.
 We have learn.
 So learn is a really powerful skill.
 So let's want to touch on what they are.
 So let's go ahead with this ministry of experts.
 We covered that in a previous master class.
 Effectively, what it is, is a sim, one question, but it asks to three different
 models.
 So let's go ahead and decide which models we would actually like.
 So let's say in the driving seat, we would like to go with, you know, we've got
 opus 4.8.
 We've got fable.
 Let's get rid of fable real quick.
 Let's grab fable five and drop that in there.
 And then what I might do is I will just leave these here for argument second.
 This is all saved, which is called saved to the computer.
 Fantastic.
 Now, let's go over to our Hermes agent and drop it a question.
 So I have here at the top.
 I've got a grok 4.5 enabled, but let's say I want to come down and I want to go
 ahead
 and use ministry.
 I might ask you a question that sounds something like, hey there, which is the
 best platform
 online to grow if you wanted to reach a million followers as quickly as
 possible.
 And then tell me which should be the basically the most monetization per
 subscriber of all
 social media.
 So what this will do here, and I'm going to ask the same thing in telegram as
 well, is
 effectively it will ask that question to all three individual things.
 You can see we've got the streaming down here.
 It's showing live activity, which is fantastic.
 I can also pull up telegram and in telegram, all you're going to do is come and
 do forward
 slash.
 I'm going to type in MOA.
 Okay.
 And then just literally same question, pop it in there and it will basically
 get those
 three models that we've actually saved on our computer and ask them those
 questions
 so we can go ahead and get basically the same.
 What it will do is you have the orchestrator model and it feeds the question to
 all three
 models.
 Now they don't look at each other's homework and what it enables it to do and
 the reason
 why this exists is it enables it to find the blind spots of other models that
 it may just
 may not know.
 So you're going to get fully balanced answers that are better.
 Then I've come over to our agenda operating system.
 You can see it's actually awesome.
 It didn't need to show us information.
 You can toggle this off, but I've included it so it'll actually show me what
 did open
 eye care activities say.
 That's reference one shows you all the details.
 What did the second one say shows you all the details and what did the third
 one say
 shows you all the details, then gives us a tail of our fastest growth.
 It's TikTok.
 Most money per follower is only fans.
 This is not endorsed by the community.
 I must admit they're not spotted in this video and then all YouTube ad based,
 highest RPM
 management platform.
 I would agree with that.
 And then you've got speed to million followers.
 It is TikTok is the easiest platform to do that monetizing per subscriber.
 So, highest cash per sub, which is interesting, best mainstream social media
 platform.
 So now we get a kind of nice, beautiful overview that core fable five has done.
 So this is a good example of one very powerful prompt.
 Another really cool one here is the learn skill.
 So one of the cool things that people don't realize that you can do with Hermes
 agent.
 And this is one of its most powerful features is the idea that it learns.
 So let's say that we work together to do something.
 Okay, for example, let's go back over to Hermes agent right now.
 And inside Hermes agent, it's given us, if I pull him up here very quickly, a
 overview
 and it's done some research, right?
 So what I can do here is I can afford slash and I can say learn.
 So this creates a reusable skill.
 So if I do something, say, for example, I was trying to connect Zap here, I was
 trying
 to connect my meeting, no, take care.
 I was trying to build and a skill that edited videos and I was going back and
 forth with
 Hermes and then finally got him.
 What you can do is forward slash learn and say, hey, that I want you to turn
 this into
 a skill.
 Okay.
 And what Hermes will do is take everything that you just covered and turn it
 into a
 skill.
 The other thing that we can do with this learn command is just throw a repo at
 it.
 So for example, let's go over to GitHub and in GitHub, we will see on my
 homepage somebody
 that has forked my repository, which is power design, cool.
 This is deep research I did on what makes websites gorgeous, what makes
 presentations
 gorgeous, all I'm going to do is come down, I'm going to copy this link, which
 essentially
 is the repo link, come up to Hermes and I'm just going to say learn this.
 And I might just say, use these principles whenever building anything design
 related
 that I ask you.
 Okay.
 And then just send that off.
 Now look what it does.
 It's going to go ahead and learn a skill from what I've described.
 And essentially what this will do is go ahead to the repo and follow everything
 it needs
 to follow.
 It's coffee is good.
 Ice coffee is pretty tasty right now, must admit.
 Cool.
 Let's go down there and it will just go through the process and do this.
 So the two things to bear in mind with learn scum.
 Number one is I can do it retroactively.
 We've accomplished something of note.
 We've accomplished something of value and I'm like, dude, don't forget that.
 Please go and remember that Hermes does it.
 Save bank.
 If you're somebody who finds, and I don't personally find it, but if you're
 somebody
 who finds that sometimes Hermes just forget stuff or it doesn't remember stuff,
 it's because
 you're not asking it to commit it to its long-term memory.
 Everything is a skill what's a way to do that.
 So we can do it retroactively.
 The second way is proactively go and learn this.
 Kind of the matrix.
 Think of it like Neo.
 You're in the chair and you've got that thing at the back of your head and then
 you're just
 downloading Kung Fu, you're downloading the skills and I've just downloaded
 this.
 So now it has this skill, so I ask it to build something.
 It can go ahead and use that skill to accomplish it, which is super, super
 powerful and helpful.
 Then it comes back with the answers.
 So here's a name.
 Power design, categories, creative, what it captured, your power design system,
 brand
 DNA, 20 slide rules, 20 web rules, brand native HTML decks, sites, checklists,
 brand
 tape play and exact recipe.
 Reference saved under this skill here, so it's got it all saved, which is
 fantastic
 and we can even open that up if we really wanted to, but it's got all the data,
 which
 is massively helpful.
 So we've got the loan one.
 Then we have full-class journey, which is a playable timeline of its memories
 and its
 skills.
 Now, the second thing that's really powerful about Hermes, and we've talked
 about goals
 before, this idea that you give Hermes a task, you give it a goal, you say, go
 and accomplish
 this thing, and it has a 20-turn loop to do it.
 So the value here is it doesn't stop until it's accomplished the goal.
 So it needs to be a goal that Hermes can do autonomously by itself.
 So think of it, in this case, like a building inspector.
 The building doesn't decide the house is finished.
 The inspector does.
 The inspector walks in.
 He runs the checks.
 He checks the signs.
 He pushes on the walls.
 He pulls things out.
 He makes sure that it's safe to do so.
 That's how it works.
 All of these, completion contracts, and there are three things that we can add
 in here.
 We can add in a verify.
 We can add in a constraint, and we can add in a boundary.
 So we can essentially say, here's your goal, and then here's how I want you to
 verify.
 These are the constraints of the task, and these are the boundaries of that
 task.
 So what you can do, for example, is screenshot this, all right, and you can
 even use this
 in chatting with Hermes itself.
 So I said this to my clipboard, for example, and I can explain exactly what
 verification
 constraints and boundaries mean.
 So verify is how it proves it.
 So the check, the judge must see pass.
 Test screen files, you know, test screen files, move page live.
 If you can't write the check, tighten the goal.
 Then we have the constraints, which is what it must not do.
 So don't do these things.
 Remember, telling it the negative is just as important.
 The explicit don'ts.
 Don't touch production.
 Do not install packages.
 Do not email anybody.
 Spoken, not assume.
 Don't assume that it knows what not to do.
 It's, you know, assume it's facetious.
 Boundaries, where it may act, the blast radius, this folder, this repo, this
 account, everything
 outside of it is bound.
 So whenever you think of the goals, you think of the verification, constraints,
 and boundaries,
 which is really cool.
 So what you can even do, if I come down here and screenshot this, which is
 command shift
 5, for those of you that have never used this before, and apparently this is a
 new cool
 thing.
 So I'm going to do this, and I'm going to shoot over to Hermes, and in a new
 chat window,
 I'm going to drop this in, and say, "Hey there, I would like to create and test
 a completion
 contract with you.
 Could you give me three different examples of things that I could ask you to do
 that
 will leverage this proof of done, this completion contract, and give me those
 three sample prompts?"
 Okay.
 So now what we can do, and then even then, so look, then I want you to save
 this as a
 skill, this completion contract skill, such that when I ask you for goals in
 the future,
 that you'll come back and verify with me the constraints, the verification, and
 the boundaries.
 All right.
 And then we're going to send that one off.
 And essentially just use Hermes to help you.
 We call this meta-prompting, using it to actually create a better prompt and
 better question.
 And it's given us three different ideas.
 So let's go ahead with number three, which is the research brief, which is
 research the
 best LinkedIn post formats for AI tool creators in 2026, and give me a one-page
 brief.
 Contract is verify the brief has five source claims and links, ends with a
 seven-day posting
 test plan, and the constraints, no posting, no DMs, no account changes,
 boundaries, read-only
 WebEx, write down a local path name here.
 Okay, cool.
 I'm going to come down and literally let's come down, and then I'm going to do
 /goal,
 and then just paste that in, and then we are ready to rock and roll.
 And then look, goal set, 20-10 budget, research the best LinkedIn post, and
 then at any point
 in this, we can do the /goal status, pause, resume, or clear if you want to go
 ahead and
 stop it.
 We've locked in the contract.
 I just love the idea, guys.
 We're making contracts with our agents, completion contracts, it just sounds so
 freaking
 cool that that is a thing, so no homies agent will run off in the background
 and complete
 that for us.
 And whilst our homies agent is doing that in the background, I want to through
 what's
 really going on here.
 And I've had an example one here, you can look at like goal, slot every file,
 my download
 folders into subfile type.
 By the way, I did that last time, as you can see in my download files, look how
 clean
 they are.
 It's really impressive.
 Verify, constraints, boundary, so really, really cool system.
 So there's a judge in my loop.
 So a judge rules done or continued.
 So the idea here is you have the worker, you have the judge who's always
 checking the
 contract.
 So he keeps working.
 And if the judge says, hey, we're not done because we haven't really sorted
 this out,
 then it just continues in a loop, add in finitium until it's completed.
 So, and I think this is a really interesting concept if you think of a judge,
 like some
 being tasked with a goal and someone else being tasked to say, is it complete
 or not?
 Because models can often say, hey, I think we're done, when we're not done, we
're done,
 when I say we're done, says the judge.
 So after every turn, a judge model reads the contract and rules, keep going on
 them.
 The default budget is 20 turns, then it also pauses.
 Okay?
 So they, because it made tiny criteria, it should be completed within 20 goals.
 That's the idea.
 The pro move is to point the judge at a cheap model, the worker thinks
 expensive, the referee
 costs pennies.
 So that's like a little hack of how you can save a bit of money.
 So goals are not set and forget, a documented community run went for four hours
 because
 the goal ignored its constraints and hit bot protection rules.
 The fix is the pattern a verify clause judge can actually check, plus a
 periodic goal status
 or timing with a leash, the idea being that you can easily create a system that
 just means
 it runs and runs and runs and runs.
 And if you've got like a fable five model on that, it can just get out of
 control.
 So just make sure that you had a very good verify clause, which is why it's
 good for
 him as agent to come ahead and actually help you support in actually writing
 that, which
 I think is really super duper important.
 Beautiful.
 So now our him is agent is finished.
 It's previous to ask, let's pull up and take a quick look at this.
 As you can see, it's not it's completed.
 It's got the proof, the contract on a roll, the constraints, no person DMS and
 the punchline
 from the roof.
 So we should be able to open this up.
 I think we could just literally pop over them into a new browser, open this one
 up and
 then we are ready to rock and roll.
 Yes, we're allowed for that.
 That's fine.
 And then we've got the whole carousel.
 I didn't tell it to make it into HTML.
 I probably would have done that, but you get the idea.
 It can effectively complete those contracts for us, which takes us nicely onto
 the next
 level, which is going to be the curator, which effectively is the idea of
 overnight
 self improvement.
 This idea that it built in for seven day cycle, the grades, merges, and
 parental agents,
 own skills, zero tokens, fully deterministic and it looks absolutely gorgeous.
 The images that we get these days with AI, I freaking love them.
 So how does it work?
 This idea that every skill is basically graded on our use of the week.
 We can consolidate.
 So we look at overlapping skills, merge the ones that are somewhat similar.
 And then finally, we can cut the dead weight and remove the ones on.
 So what's interesting with this is we can actually do this inside the agenda,
 operating
 system that I'm going to show you actually in the next chapter, which takes it
 to a
 completely new level, looking very critically at this dream functionality here,
 which is
 really, really insane.
 Now, the other really important powerful that you need to master in Hermes is
 its proactivity.
 And the cool thing about Hermes agent is the fact that it can be proactive,
 that it's
 not always waiting for you to say something.
 But the most fun I find that I have with this agent and the most viable sort of
 things
 I get out of it really are when it messages me and says, Jack, check this out.
 What do you think about this?
 It's really cool.
 So proactivity itself is not a magic toggle.
 It's three wires.
 It's a home channel, a schedule and goals.
 You can connect them and the agent starts conversation.
 So have a think about this.
 The more it is to begin it on luck.
 Without home channel, every proctor messaging cron runs silent and goes nowhere
.
 So we need to decide where are the messaging goes.
 For me personally, I tend to use telegram for that.
 We've got forward slash blueprint.
 I can schedule tasks as a form, not crons and tags, which is easy blueprint is
 just a more
 user friendly way of describing cron and the cron is just basically a task to
 do.
 And then you've got suggestions.
 So the killer moment, it proposes its own automations for what it's seen you do
.
 You can just accept it or dismiss.
 So what we could do there actually is sweet over stroke to Hermes agent.
 And what we can do here, if I come over, you can do forward slash suggestions.
 So review automations, accept a dismiss.
 Yeah, let's go ahead and only can do is come down, send this one off and have
 it to review
 any of the automations.
 You know, suggested automations right now, try suggestions catalog to CD create
, start
 a set on install.
 So you may not get them there, which is fine.
 But I actually find the best way to do this is, hey, based on our entire
 conversation history,
 could you recommend a couple of things that would be automated?
 Is there anything that I tend to ask you anything based on all of our
 conversations?
 And from the data you can see, that would be valuable for me to automate that
 you could
 take off my shoulders, off my plate, or you just looking around corners and
 making my
 life easier.
 Let me know.
 All right, cool.
 And then send that one off.
 And if you want it to run a million miles an hour, again, you could just use
 that goal
 feature and it can have a good look at it.
 And basically I'd encourage you to ask that kind of prompts so you can go ahead
 and learn
 more as it kind of goes through, which is very, very cool.
 So that's a really cool one.
 Again, think of it like a butler who actually knocks.
 And the cool one that I mentioned in the last module, which was this morning
 brief that
 improves, right?
 It's I did that the morning brief can check your emails, check your calendar,
 but also
 think about everything that you're talking to about.
 And I always embed this and don't just give me the information.
 I want you to think about it.
 One of the things that you can ask a homeys agent to do overnight, actually,
 even on cheap
 model, if you want to, is to just try and solve one problem with a clear
 deliverable
 that would be beneficial for me, based on everything you know about me, like a
 homeys
 agent can do this within the background.
 We are at the point where we can have these agents working for us 24/7 in the
 background
 if we wish.
 So there's no be proactive mode.
 We have to talk to it, ask it to do things, and try and think about what
 something it could
 do on a cadence.
 They would actually be valuable for us.
 Now, that leads us into the next power feature, which is that they have one
 brain and a team
 of hands.
 What do I mean by that?
 We're talking about sub agents here.
 So quick parallel jobs go to delegate tasks, real orchestration, name workers,
 gated handoffs,
 work that survives a crash.
 Now, best way to think about this is we call this the fan out that we don't
 need to do
 things in sequence sequentially, like A, then B, then C, then D, we can split
 that up.
 We can have four or five of them do things at the same time.
 We call this parallelized agents, parallel agents, all working on the same
 things.
 Now, we can do this with a Kanban board.
 We can delegate tasks if you want to.
 Typically speaking, you want a concurrency of three that tends to be where it
 performs
 the most, which means that I can say, "Hey, go and solve this task," and then
 spin up
 sub agents that will in turn do something themselves.
 For example, I can come over to a homeys agent.
 I can say, "Hey there, I want to go ahead and find for me."
 That is the ultimate revenue stream for a content creator.
 I want you to go ahead and spin up three sub agents in parallel to attack this
 question
 from a different angle and come back with a very concise, clean and crisp
 answer.
 Okay, so we're going to send that one off, and then actually this actually took
 my first
 sentence right there, and we can again, we can rock and roll and do everything
 we need
 to in there.
 Now, this is going to use parallel agents, which means that all three of them
 can be doing
 the same thing.
 They could be doing different tasks.
 They could all be doing the same task.
 You can stack and build on these principles as you go through, which I think is
 really
 cool, and they compound over time, which is fantastic.
 Now, whilst we're in the background, we're going to look at now the next level,
 which
 is going to be chapter 5.6.
 So, the idea with the speed drops here, and this was a big update that we had
 in homeys
 agent that you're going to see right now, and this was the idea that when you
 asked it
 to do tool calls, like you said, "Hey, go and check my Gmail for this.
 Go and check my calendar for that.
 Go and research this and research that."
 It would do them all sequentially tool calls, but one of the biggest updates
 that just landed
 in homeys agent was the fact that it will do tool calls in parallel now.
 So, think of it as runners on a racetrack, we can do four at the same time
 instead of
 one.
 Previously, for example, tool calls would be one after another, web research.
 This one was a crazy one.
 So, did you know, homeys agent used to take, oh my gosh, it would have been
 like two minutes
 to script a web page.
 It would grab everything, and then it would pay another model to summarize it,
 and then
 it would use that information.
 Now, it does it in seconds.
 As you can see, it goes from three minutes for research questions to 15 seconds
 for the
 same answer.
 The other thing that it would do is basically now it can do all of these
 searches by itself.
 It can find information 60 times cheaper, so, excuse me, 60 times faster and 49
 times
 cheaper.
 So, for example, if you look at the speed dividend, for instance, how many
 research tasks
 do you ask a day?
 If I ask to do a 20, it's saving me a lot of time, which is fantastic, and
 again, we
 can then empower this with fire crawl as a connection, which I recommend, that
 just
 enables us to, because fire crawl basically strips out their HTML tags, all
 that stuff
 and just gives you the pure actual information and enables us to go ahead and
 grab things
 and kind of get the exact information.
 Now, if you come back over to homeys agent, for example, you can see it's done
 that, and
 look at this.
 It's come back with an answer, 0 to 10K is affiliates, 10 to 100K sponsors, and
 then
 cohort, and then there's other aspects there.
 Honestly, the only interesting answer to this is sponsorship.
 I saw there was a stream of XQC said he makes $800,000 a month on sponsorships,
 which is
 very, very interesting that it goes ahead and does that, but that's just kind
 of your
 information.
 You'll see exactly what I'm talking about.
 So, we can use these tools, it can span out some agents, all that kind of thing
.
 Now, the other thing that we need to touch on here is the relationship with
 Cloud Code.
 So, because you've got access to our genetic operating system that I'm building
 on all
 the time, so again, I'm building this constantly, improving it, finding ways to
 make it happen.
 We have a connective, basically, knowledge system now between Hermes and Cloud,
 which
 means that we access and share that.
 But the question is, when do I use Cloud, when do I not?
 Think of it as the operator and the contractor.
 The operator runs your world all day, when a job needs a specialist, it hires
 one that
 keeps the receipts.
 So, Hermes is always on.
 Life session content, I can message this from anywhere, on the go, super duper
 easy, and
 it can go.
 You can steer in projects like breaking it.
 You can't really do that in Cloud so much.
 You can ban, you can spawn Cloud Code as a sub agent if you want to, and then
 we look
 Cloud Code that we use.
 Now, the simplest way to think about it is Cloud Code, use on your desktop, if
 you want
 to build something, and Hermes, I just use it on the go.
 Just think of it as a personal assistant, that's what Hermes function is, and
 Cloud is
 where we build things.
 Now, can you effectively build things in Hermes agent?
 Yeah, of course you can.
 It's like, you can do everything in Cloud Code, right?
 But eventually, it's important you just start building Hermes agents.
 So, there's so much overlap, which is why people ask the question, but if you
 just
 think of it as form, this is a personal assistant that can do anything.
 And this is, it's like, for example, asking, should I search the web on my
 desktop, or
 should I search the web on my phone?
 You can do both, right?
 But there's like, prefer to use cases for the phone, and prefer to use cases
 for the
 desktop.
 And when you understand that, you will be able to take this hold to a whole new
 level.
 And again, I'll put some information down here on the packet to look at nine
 ways that
 people really trip up, but it will give you a really good understanding of
 exactly where
 you are and where you want to get to in the next level.
 And so now you understand some of these incredible power features.
 The next thing we're going to learn is the operating system.
 This is where we give it the power, the infrastructure, and just unlocks things
 that are unbelievably
 powerful.
 I'm going to show you exactly what I mean.
 So grab that beautiful coffee and get ready to lock in for the next training.
